-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 XCIogqyShSBfuKUI0EUH94i3QpB7bTANgEiaK5XEfBbt6H/kHZVYg4552wMDlH5Z
 NiWgUiiaTUs/cO/iqSYP+Q==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000051103-94-000009.txt : 19940927
<IMS-HEADER>0000051103-94-000009.hdr.sgml : 19940927
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000051103-94-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		2
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940926
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			INTERNATIONAL ALUMINUM CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000051103
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3442
		IRS NUMBER:				952385235
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-07256
		FILM NUMBER:		94550285

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		767 MONTEREY PASS RD
		CITY:			MONTEREY PARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91754
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2132641670
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K FOR YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994
<TEXT>

=================================================================
=============

                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                 FORM 10-K

                   ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
                  OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994           Commission File
Number 1-7256

                    INTERNATIONAL ALUMINUM CORPORATION
          (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)


     California                                        95-2385235 
            
(State of incorporation)                 (I.R.S. Employer
Identification No.)


767 Monterey Pass Road, Monterey Park, California 91754     
(213) 264-1670
         (Address of principal executive office           
(Telephone Number)



Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

        Title of Each Class          Name of Each Exchange on
Which Registered

        Common Stock ($1.00 Par Value)         New York Stock
Exchange, Inc.    
                                                Pacific Stock
Exchange, Inc.    


Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None 
     


Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all
reports required
to be filed by Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the
preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for 
the past 90 days.  Yes  X    No    

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to 
the best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information 
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any 
amendment to this Form 10-K.      

At September 7, 1994 there were 4,234,762 shares of Registrant's
Common Stock
outstanding.  The aggregate market value of shares held by
non-affiliates was
$64,258,369 based on the Composite Tape closing price on that
date.


                    DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

1. Registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal year
ended 
   June 30, 1994, pages 4 through 16, are incorporated by
reference into 
   Parts I and II.

2. Registrant's Proxy Statement dated September 22, 1994 for the
Annual 
   Meeting of Shareholders to be held on October 27, 1994 is
incorporated by
   reference, other than the performance graph and Compensation
Committee 
   Report, into Part III.

=================================================================
===<PAGE>
  <PAGE> 
                       PART I
  
  
  ITEM 1.  BUSINESS
  
  a. GENERAL DEVELOPMENT OF BUSINESS
  
       International Aluminum Corporation is an integrated
manufacturer and
  supplier of a broad line of quality aluminum, wood, vinyl and
glass products. 
  The Company was incorporated in California in 1963 as successor
to an aluminum
  fabricating business begun in 1957 and maintains its executive
offices at 767
  Monterey Pass Road, Monterey Park, California 91754.  The
Company's telephone
  number is (213) 264-1670.  Reference to the "Registrant",
"International 
  Aluminum Corporation" or the "Company" includes International
Aluminum 
  Corporation and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates
otherwise.
  
  b. INDUSTRY SEGMENTS, LINES OF BUSINESS AND CLASSES OF PRODUCTS
  
       This information is included on pages 4 and 13
respectively, of the
  Registrant's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders and is hereby
incorporated by
  reference.
  
  c. NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS
  
  Processes and Products
  
    Building Products
  
      Residential.  Residential products are fabricated from
aluminum, wood and
  vinyl into a broad line of sliding windows, single hung
windows, double hung
  windows, casement windows, garden windows, bay and bow windows,
special
  configuration windows, louvre windows, storm sash, patio doors,
tub 
  enclosures, shower doors, wardrobe mirror doors and related
products.  
  These products are used in new residential construction and in
remodeling,
  home improvement and replacement.
  
      Commercial.  Commercial products are fabricated from
aluminum into curtain
  walls, window walls, storefront framing, commercial windows,
entrance doors
  and frames, interior doors and frames and interior wall
systems.  These 
  products are utilized in varying combinations to produce
systems used for
  office and commercial construction, remodeling and tenant
improvement
  applications.
  
      Aluminum Extrusions.  In the extrusion process, heated
aluminum billets
  are hydraulically forced through steel dies to produce a piece
of metal of
  the desired length and cross-section shape.  The extrusions are
then cut and,
  when requested, anodized or painted in a variety of finishes in
the Company's
  anodizing and painting departments.
  
      The Company currently has five extrusion presses at its
Alhambra, 
  California plant and three presses at its plant in Waxahachie,
Texas.
  
  
  
                                   - 1 -<PAGE>
<PAGE>
      Aluminum extrusions produced by the Company are used in
fabricating
  substantially all of its other aluminum products.  In addition,
during fiscal
  1994 approximately 52% of the extrusions produced were sold to
users in its
  own or other industries, including manufacturers of fixtures,
electronic 
  equipment, fitness products, sailboats, skylights and truck
bodies.  The 
  Company furnishes design services to assist its customers in
developing or
  better utilizing custom extrusions.
  
  Glass Products
  
      This product group shapes, bends, bevels, etches, polishes
and tempers
  bulk flat glass.  The fabricated glass is primarily utilized in
the Company's
  glass furniture lines and in its line of modular store display
systems.
  Glass is also processed to customer specifications for
incorporation into 
  their end products, which include residential, patio and office
furniture,
  truck and recreational vehicle windows, light fixtures and
appliances.
  
  Sales and Distribution
  
      The Company markets its residential and commercial building
products
  primarily to independent dealers and distributors, with whom
the Company
  has no long-term contracts.  Aluminum extrusions are marketed
principally
  by direct sales to other manufacturers, some of which produce
aluminum 
  products of the Company's design.  The Company's glass products
are 
  marketed to manufacturers, distributors and retailers.
  
      Each of the Company's subsidiaries has its own
administrative and sales
  organizations.  Sales are made largely in the United States,
Europe and 
  Mexico.
  
      No customer accounted for more than 3% of net sales in
1994, and no 
  material part of the business is dependent upon a single
customer or a few 
  customers, the loss of any one or more of whom would have a
materially 
  adverse effect on the business of the Company.  The Company
does business 
  on a current basis and has no significant backlog of unfilled
firm orders.
  
  Materials
  
      The Company purchases its aluminum ingot requirements from
primary 
  aluminum producers or spot metal brokers.  Although increased
worldwide 
  demand produces periods of tight supply of aluminum ingot and
scrap, the 
  Company has had satisfactory experience to date in obtaining
sufficient raw
  materials to meet its requirements and does not anticipate
material 
  shortages which would significantly hamper its operations.
  
      Bulk glass is purchased from domestic glass manufacturers. 
The Company
  has had satisfactory experience to date in obtaining sufficient
glass to 
  meet its requirements.
  
      The Company produces the aluminum extrusions used in the
products it
  manufactures and sells.  Wood, vinyl, hardware, fasteners and
screening are
  purchased from outside sources.
  
  
                                   - 2 -<PAGE>
<PAGE>
  Seasonality
  
      Sales of products designed for residential and commercial
applications are
  subject to cyclical swings in new construction and seasonal
fluctuations 
  due to reduced construction activity in some marketing areas
during the 
  winter months (second and third quarters).
  
  Working Capital
  
      To maintain an adequate supply of aluminum to meet customer
delivery
  requirements and to assure itself of a continuous allotment of
materials 
  from its suppliers, the Company at times carries a significant
inventory of
  aluminum ingot.  Depending on price and availability, bulk
quantities of 
  ingot are purchased from either primary aluminum producers or
from spot 
  metal brokers.
  
      The Company does not believe there are any abnormal working
capital
  requirements associated with any of its product groups as
merchandise is 
  normally produced for specific customer orders or shipped from
inventory 
  and as a general practice extended payment terms are not
granted to customers.
  
  Patents
  
      The Company has no material patents, either issued or
pending, and is 
  not a party to any significant licensing agreements.
  
  Competition and Risk
  
      The business of International Aluminum is highly
competitive.  Competition
  in all product lines is on the basis of price, service and
product quality.
  The manner and extent of such competition depends on the
product being 
  marketed and the relevant marketing area.  In selling its
residential 
  products to dealers and distributors, the Company faces
competition 
  primarily from numerous fabricators. The Company's major
competitors in 
  selling commercial products and aluminum extrusions are
substantially 
  larger, more diversified and have greater resources than the
Company.
  
      The Company anticipates that expansion of its product lines
may result 
  in its competing with certain of its present customers.  While
the Company 
  cannot accurately predict the effect, if any, that such
development will 
  have on its business, the Company anticipates no material
adverse effect.
  
      Since a substantial portion of the Company's business is
connected with
  residential and commercial building construction, any
significant decrease
  in new or remodeling construction could adversely affect
revenues.  
  Experience has shown that high interest rates for construction
financing 
  and residential mortgage and home improvement loans may
adversely affect 
  revenues.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
                                   - 3 -<PAGE>
<PAGE>
  Environmental Controls
  
      The Company's domestic aluminum extrusion, anodizing,
painting and
  manufacturing facilities are subject to water and air pollution
control 
  standards mandated by federal, state and local law.  While the
Company 
  anticipates no material capital expenditures to meet
established 
  environmental quality control standards, there can be no
assurance that 
  more stringent standards will not be established which might
require such 
  expenditures.
  
  Employees
  
      As of June 30, 1994, the Company had approximately 1,900
full-time 
  employees.
  
  d.    FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT FOREIGN AND DOMESTIC
OPERATIONS
  
      The information concerning sales, net income and
identifiable assets of
  foreign and domestic operations for fiscal years 1994, 1993 and
1992 is set
  forth in Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements
included on page 
  13 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report incorporated herein by
reference.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
                                   - 4 -<PAGE>
<PAGE> <TABLE>
  ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES
  
      The following table sets forth information concerning the
location, 
  size and use of the Company's present facilities:
  <CAPTION>
                                    Square
            Location               Feet (1)                   Use 
            
  <S>                              <C>           <C>
  Building Products:
    Alhambra, California            214,000      Aluminum
extrusions, foundry,
                                                    anodizing and
painting
    Waxahachie, Texas               206,000      Aluminum
extrusions, foundry,
                                                    anodizing and
painting
    South Gate, California          189,000      Residential
products
    Hayward, California             103,000      Residential
products
    Phoenix, Arizona                 57,000      Residential
products
    Riverside, California            40,000(L)   Residential
products
    Vernon, California              134,000      Commercial
products
    Bedford Park, Illinois           81,000      Commercial
products
    Waxahachie, Texas               134,000      Commercial
products
    Denver, Colorado                 16,000(L)   Commercial
Products
    Rock Hill, South Carolina        74,000(E)   Commercial
products
    Bridgeport, New Jersey           81,000      Commercial
products
    Houston, Texas                   57,000      Commercial
products
    Dallas, Texas                    15,000      Commercial
products
    Waxahachie, Texas                60,000      Commercial
products
    Amsterdam, the Netherlands      165,000      Commercial and
residential
                                                    products
  
  Glass Products:
    South Gate, California           86,000(L)   Glass
fabrication and tempering
    Rock Hill, South Carolina        84,000(E)   Glass
fabrication and tempering
  
  Administration:
    Monterey Park, California        19,000(L)   Executive
offices
  <FN>
  ______________________
  
  (1)  Includes manufacturing, warehouse and office space;
excludes construction
  in process, parking and yard storage space.
  
  (E)  Indicates encumberment of real property.
  
  (L)  Indicates leased premises.
  
  
       Of the 1,815,000 square feet exhibited above, 1,654,000
square feet are
  owned by the Company.  The balance of 161,000 square feet is
leased under
  agreements expiring at various dates.  The Company believes
that its 
  facilities are adequate for anticipated levels of operations.
  </TABLE>
  
  
                                   - 5 -<PAGE>
<PAGE>
  ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
  
       The Company has litigation pending, both offensive and
defensive, arising
  from the conduct of its business, none of which are expected to
have any 
  material effect on the Company's financial position.
  
  ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
  
       No matters have been submitted to a vote of security
holders which are
  required to be reported under the instructions to this item.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
                                   - 6 -<PAGE>
<PAGE>                          PART II
  
  ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED
STOCK
           HOLDER MATTERS
  
       The market and dividend information is included on pages
14 and 16 of the
  Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders and is
incorporated herein by
  reference.
  
            There are no restrictions of future cash dividends.
  
       There were approximately 600 shareholders of record of the
Company's 
  common stock at June 30, 1994.
  
  ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
  
       Selected financial data pertaining to the Company for the
last five years
  is set forth on page 4 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report to
Shareholders and
  is incorporated herein by reference.
  
  ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION
           AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
  
       This information is set forth on pages 4 and 5 of the
Company's 1994 
  Annual Report to Shareholders and is incorporated herein by
reference.
  
  ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
  
            See Part IV, Item 14.
  
  ITEM 9.  DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
  
       There have been no disagreements which are required to be
reported 
  under the instructions to this item.
  
  
                               PART III
  
       The information required under Part III is contained in
the Company's 
  Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be
held 
  October 27, 1994, which information is incorporated herein by
reference.
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
                                   - 7 -<PAGE>
<PAGE>                        PART IV

ITEM 14.  EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON
FORM 8-K

                                                                  
      Page
(a)  1.  Financial Statements
           Consolidated Financial Statements (See Note):
             Balance sheets - June 30, 1994 and 1993
             Statements for the three years ended June 30, 1994 -
               Income
               Shareholders' equity
               Cash flows
             Notes to consolidated financial statements

     2.  Financial Statement Schedules
           Report of Independent Accountants on Financial
             Statement Schedules                                  
       F-1
           Schedules for the three years ended June 30, 1994 -
                V  Property, plant and equipment                  
       F-2
               VI  Accumulated depreciation of property, plant
                      and equipment                               
       F-3
             VIII  Valuation and qualifying accounts              
       F-4
                X  Supplementary income statement information     
       F-5

     3.  Exhibits

3.  Articles of incorporation and by-laws.  This information is
set forth as
Exhibits 2.2 and 2.3 to the September 9, 1977 Registration
Statement on Form 
S-7, and was amended by Proxy Statements dated September 26, 1978
and 
September 21, 1988 furnished to shareholders in connection with
the related 
Annual Meeting of Shareholders held on October 26, 1978 and
October 27, 1988,
respectively.  These documents were filed by the Registrant with
the 
Securities and Exchange Commission and are incorporated herein by
reference.

4.  Instruments defining the rights of security holders,
including indentures.
This information is set forth on page 10 of the August 1, 1968
Registration 
Statement on Form S-1, as amended, filed by the Registrant with
the 
Securities and Exchange Commission and is incorporated herein by
reference.

13.  Annual report to security holders, Form 10-Q or quarterly
report to 
security holders.

22.  Subsidiaries of the registrant.

(b)  No reports on Form 8-K were required to be filed during the
last quarter of
1994.


NOTE:  The consolidated statements referred to above are included
in the 1994
       Annual Report to Shareholders and are incorporated herein
by reference.
       No section of the Annual Report to Shareholders other than
pages 4 
       through 16 is deemed to be filed with the Commission.


                                    - 8 -<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                           SIGNATURES


   Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized.

                                             INTERNATIONAL
ALUMINUM CORPORATION

Date:  September 20, 1994                    By:       DAVID C.
TREINEN        
                                                       David C.
Treinen
                                              Vice
President-Finance; Secretary
                                                 and Chief
Financial Officer


   Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this
report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the 
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.
<CAPTION>
       Signature                             Title                
             Date       
<S>                               <C>                             
      <C>


CORNELIUS C. VANDERSTAR           Chairman of the Board and       
      September 20, 1994
Cornelius C. Vanderstar             Chief Executive Officer


JOHN P. CUNNINGHAM                Director, President and         
      September 20, 1994
John P. Cunningham                  Chief Operating Officer


HUGH E. CURRAN                    Director and Vice President-    
      September 20, 1994
Hugh E. Curran                      Sales


DAVID C. TREINEN                  Director and Vice President-    
      September 20, 1994
David C. Treinen                    Finance; Secretary and 
                                    Chief Financial Officer

MITCHELL K. FOGELMAN              Asst. Vice President-Finance;   
      September 20, 1994
Mitchell K. Fogelman                Controller and Chief
                                    Accounting Officer

JOEL F. McINTYRE                  Director                        
      September 20, 1994
Joel F. McIntyre


ALEXANDER VAN DE POL              Director                        
      September 20, 1994
Alexander van de Pol


DONALD J. WILLFONG                Director                        
      September 20, 1994
Donald J. Willfong

</TABLE>
                                    - 9 -<PAGE>
  <PAGE>
  REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES
  
  
  
  To the Board of Directors of
  International Aluminum Corporation
  
  
  Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to
in our report
  dated August 17, 1994 appearing on page 15 of the 1994 Annual
Report to
  Shareholders of International Aluminum Corporation (which
report and 
  consolidated financial statements are incorporated by reference
in this 
  Annual Report on Form 10-K) also included an audit of the
Financial 
  Statement Schedules listed in Item 14(a)2 of this Form 10-K. 
In our 
  opinion, these Financial Statement Schedules present fairly, in
all 
  material respects, the information set forth therein when read
in 
  conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements.
  
  
  
  
  PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
  
  
  Los Angeles, California
  August 17, 1994
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
                                    F-1<PAGE>
 
<PAGE> 
<TABLE>
                     INTERNATIONAL ALUMINUM CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES
     
                          SCHEDULE V - PROPERTY, PLANT AND
EQUIPMENT
     
                            For The Three Years Ended June 30,
1994
     
     <CAPTION>
                                      Balance at                  
                                                 Balance at
                                       Beginning      Additions   
  Retirements                    Translation         End
            Classification              of Year        at Cost    
   and Sales      Transfers      Adjustment        of Year  
     <S>                              <C>             <C>         
  <C>             <C>            <C>             <C>
     Year ended June 30, 1994
       Land                           $ 6,925,000     $  340,000  
  $    -          $    -         $  (13,000)     $ 7,252,000
     
       Buildings and improvements      27,766,000         83,000  
      10,000         214,000       (138,000)      27,915,000
     
       Machinery and equipment         49,878,000      3,652,000  
     925,000         270,000       (121,000)      52,754,000
     
       Construction in process              -            484,000  
       -            (484,000)         -                -    
                                      $84,569,000     $4,559,000  
  $  935,000      $    -         $ (272,000)     $87,921,000
     
     
     Year ended June 30, 1993
       Land                           $ 6,919,000     $    -      
  $    -          $    -         $    6,000      $ 6,925,000
     
       Buildings and improvements      27,096,000        133,000  
       -             469,000         68,000       27,766,000
     
       Machinery and equipment         48,523,000      2,851,000  
   1,584,000          29,000         59,000       49,878,000
     
       Construction in process             25,000        495,000  
      15,000        (498,000)        (7,000)           -    
                                      $82,563,000     $3,479,000  
  $1,599,000      $    -         $  126,000      $84,569,000
     
     
     Year ended June 30, 1992
       Land                           $ 6,945,000     $   92,000  
  $  155,000      $    -         $   37,000      $ 6,919,000
     
       Buildings and improvements      26,468,000         48,000  
       -             288,000        292,000       27,096,000
     
       Machinery and equipment         47,004,000      1,542,000  
   1,143,000         863,000        257,000       48,523,000
     
       Construction in process            618,000        558,000  
       -          (1,151,000)         -               25,000
                                      $81,035,000     $2,240,000  
  $1,298,000      $    -         $  586,000      $82,563,000
          /TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                      INTERNATIONAL ALUMINUM CORPORATION AND
SUBSIDIARIES
     
                    SCHEDULE VI - ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND
AMORTIZATION
                                      OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND
EQUIPMENT
     
                            For The Three Years Ended June 30,
1994
     
     <CAPTION>
                                         Balance at     
Additions                                       Balance at
                                          Beginning      Charged
to     Retirements     Translation         End
            Classification                 of Year       Income
(1)      and Sales      Adjustment        of Year  
     <S>                                 <C>             <C>      
     <C>             <C>             <C>
     Year ended June 30, 1994
       Buildings and improvements        $ 9,840,000     $ 
754,000     $    1,000      $  (93,000)     $10,500,000
     
       Machinery and equipment            34,688,000     
3,809,000        764,000        (100,000)      37,633,000
                                         $44,528,000    
$4,563,000     $  765,000      $ (193,000)     $48,133,000
     
     
     
     Year ended June 30, 1993
       Buildings and improvements        $ 9,020,000     $ 
780,000     $    -          $   40,000      $ 9,840,000
     
       Machinery and equipment            32,229,000     
3,694,000      1,283,000          48,000       34,688,000
                                         $41,249,000    
$4,474,000     $1,283,000      $   88,000      $44,528,000
     
     
     
     Year ended June 30, 1992
       Buildings and improvements        $ 8,035,000     $ 
795,000     $    -          $  190,000      $ 9,020,000
     
       Machinery and equipment            29,046,000     
3,861,000        886,000         208,000       32,229,000
                                         $37,081,000    
$4,656,000     $  886,000      $  398,000      $41,249,000
     
     
     <FN>
     ____________________________
     
     (1)  The annual provisions for depreciation have been
computed using estimated useful lives as follows:
     
                  Buildings and improvements ...................
20-40 years
                  Machinery and equipment ...................... 
3-16 years<PAGE>
</TABLE>

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
            INTERNATIONAL ALUMINUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

             SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                  For The Three Years Ended June 30, 1994


<CAPTION>
                                   Balance at    Amounts    
Amounts    Balance at
                                   Beginning     Charged    
Written       End
          Description               of Year     to Income     
Off       of Year    
<S>                                <C>          <C>         <C>   
     <C>

Reserves for doubtful accounts -

    1994                             $673,000    $647,000   
$505,000    $815,000

    1993                              669,000     766,000    
762,000     673,000

    1992                              723,000     619,000    
673,000     669,000


</TABLE>





























                                    F-4<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
            INTERNATIONAL ALUMINUM CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES

          SCHEDULE X - SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION

                  For The Three Years Ended June 30, 1994


<CAPTION>
       Description                             1994          
1993           1992   
<S>                                         <C>            <C>    
       <C>

Maintenance and repairs                     $4,992,000   
$4,333,000     $4,578,000

Depreciation of property,
  plant and equipment                        4,563,000    
4,474,000      4,656,000

Taxes other than income -
  Payroll                                    5,474,000    
5,323,000      5,435,000
  Property and other                         1,571,000    
1,554,000      1,548,000


<FN>
_________________________

Note:  Amounts for rents, royalties and advertising costs are not
presented as such  
       amounts are less than 1% of total sales and revenues.


</TABLE>























                                    F-5<PAGE>
<PAGE>
                    INTERNATIONAL ALUMINUM CORPORATION
                               SUBSIDIARIES



The following is a list of the significant subsidiaries of the
Registrant 
and the jurisdiction under which each is organized.  The Company
owns 100 
percent of the voting securities of each such subsidiary.
[CAPTION]
                                                               
Jurisdiction of
              Name of Subsidiary                                
Organization  


International Window Corporation                                
California
International Extrusion Corporation                             
California
United States Aluminum Corporation                              
California
General Window Corporation*                                     
California
International California Glass Corporation                      
California
United States Aluminum Corporation-Illinois                     
California
International Window-Arizona, Inc.                              
California
United States Aluminum Corporation-Texas                        
Texas
International Extrusion Corporation-Texas                       
California
United States Aluminum Corporation-Carolina                     
California
International Carolina Glass Corporation                        
California
Ragland Manufacturing Company, Inc.                             
Texas
United States Aluminum Corporation-Northeast                    
California
Maestro Products, Inc.                                          
California
Eland-Brandt, B.V.                                              
The Netherlands


______________________________________________
* dba International Window-Northern California





















                                Exhibit 22
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT FOR YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994
<TEXT>

INTERNATIONAL 

  ALUMINUM 

 CORPORATION










                                 1994

                               ANNUAL

                               REPORT<PAGE>
<PAGE>
COMPANY PROFILE


INTERNATIONAL ALUMINUM CORPORATION is an integrated manufacturer
and supplier
of a broad line of quality aluminum, wood, vinyl and glass
products.  The 
Company is headquartered in Monterey Park, California and has
approximately 
1,900 employees.  Operations are conducted through fourteen
domestic 
subsidiaries and one foreign subsidiary.

COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS - Curtain walls, window walls, storefront
framing, 
commercial windows, entrance doors and frames, interior doors and
frames and
interior glazing systems.

RESIDENTIAL PRODUCTS - Aluminum, wood, vinyl and composite
products including
sliding windows, single hung windows, double hung windows,
casement windows,
garden windows, bay and bow windows, special configuration
windows, louvre 
windows, storm sash, patio doors, wardrobe mirror doors, tub
enclosures and
showers.

ALUMINUM EXTRUSIONS - Mill finish, anodized, painted and
fabricated extrusions.

GLASS PRODUCTS - Distinctive lines of glass furniture, modular
display 
systems, tempering, etching and fabrication of flat glass.













TABLE OF CONTENTS


Financial Highlights                                              
         1
Letter to Shareholders                                            
         2
Selected Financial Data                                           
         4
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
  Condition and Results of Operations                             
         4
Consolidated Financial Statements                                 
         6
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                        
        10
Quarterly Stock Information                                       
        14
Report of Independent Accountants                                 
        15
Corporate Information                                             
        16
List of Subsidiaries                                              
        17
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Fiscal Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992                   
           

<CAPTION>
                                                                  
1994             1993             1992    
<S>                                                           
<C>              <C>              <C>
Net sales                                                     
$174,773,000     $152,195,000     $158,323,000

Income from operations                                         $
11,128,000     $  4,148,000     $    860,000

Net income                                                     $ 
8,795,000     $  3,602,000     $    876,000



Per Share Data:

   Net income                                                    
$2.08            $ .85            $ .21    

   Dividends                                                     
$1.00            $1.00            $1.00    

/TABLE
<PAGE>
                     <PAGE>
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS                                               
      
                     
As fiscal 1994 unfolded we experienced progressive improvement in
most of our
markets.  Construction activity of all types accelerated
throughout much of
the United States as the year progressed with the only
significant exception
being here in California.  While we received some minimal local
benefit from
reconstruction activity related to the January earthquake, the
quake's
greatest effect was to add to California's already major economic
woes and
further dampen the State's already lagging emergence from the
recession. 
Since historically roughly 45 percent of our revenues have been
derived from
construction related activities in California, the slow recovery
here has
somewhat dampened our overall rebound from the market stagnation
of the past
several years.  Notwithstanding the above, we are generally
satisfied with
the progress made during the past year.  On a revenue increase of
15 percent,
we were able to more than double net income from operations to
$1.74 per
share.  While this is still far short of that recorded in 1989
and 1990, we
feel it represents acceptable achievement and supports the moves
which we
have made to adapt to vastly different market conditions.
                     
The resurgence of our Commercial Products Group contributed
significantly to
our improved profitability.  Not only did this Group generate
dramatically
improved earnings but the increased volume of aluminum extrusions
channeled
through it helped both of our extrusion plants to return to a
profitable
position.  The conversion of our eastern United States Aluminum
facilities
into warehouse service centers has further proven to have been
the right
move.  We are currently in the process of opening a satellite
storefront
warehouse facility in Houston which follows the one opened in
mid-year in
Denver.  We are planning to establish additional outlets in the
East and
Southeast in the months to come.
                     
Our aluminum extrusion and finishing plants in California and
Texas both
achieved remarkable turnarounds.  They are extremely dependent on
heavy
sustained volume due to the large fixed costs with which they are
burdened. 
Improved intercompany purchases combined with major increases in
outside
volume at both plants was the primary reason for this Group's
improved
results.  Also as a result of the extrusion industry throughout
the United
States operating at close to full capacity and with extended lead
times, we
have found it possible to partially restore eroded margins.
                     
The lack of recovery of our Residential Products Group has been a
disappointment.  This Group is heavily dependent on the
California building
market which, while up slightly, still badly lags the rest of the
Country. 
Conversely, Arizona is experiencing a true building boom and our
plant in
Phoenix is doing extremely well.  As previously announced, we
will be
breaking ground there shortly on a new 100,000 square foot plant
to enable
us to better serve this expanding market.<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Ragland Manufacturing, our interior door frame and wall system
subsidiary
headquartered in Houston, continued to do well.  During the year
Ragland,
Mitsubishi Kasei and Lasco Systems of Dallas co-developed an
advanced "clean
room" product line which shows good promise for use in the
electronic
component and pharmaceutical industries.

Results from both International California Glass and
International Carolina
Glass showed marked improvement.  These glass fabricating
companies are
redirecting their marketing efforts more in the direction of the
relatively
stable display industry and away from dependence on the somewhat
trendy heavy
glass furniture business.  Our venture into the retail factory
outlet mall
business in South Carolina was less than a resounding success and
has been
dropped.

Eland-Brandt in Amsterdam had another poor year.  Construction
activity in
Europe remains extremely soft and Eland-Brandt's ability to
downsize and
reduce its labor cost is constrained by government regulations. 
Finally,
after eight months of negotiations, it has been given
authorization to lay
off approximately ten percent of its workforce.  In March we sold
our metal
distribution company in Tijuana, Mexico to our resident manager. 
We have an
ongoing supply agreement with the new management.  As a result,
our sales
volume into that market should be essentially unaffected.

Financially the Company remains in good shape.  Working capital
at yearend
stood at $63.4 million while total shareholders' equity increased
to $103.4
million.  At June 30 our current ratio was 4.2 to 1 and our long
term debt
had declined to $1.1 million.  Early in the year the mandatory
adoption of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 resulted in a one-time tax
benefit of
$1,430,000 or $.34 per share.

Our major task in the coming year will be to attempt to return
our California
residential operations to their former levels of income
contribution.  To
this end, new product development and redirected marketing
efforts are
currently under way.  While in the past year we made some
progress in the
direction of non-construction diversification, it will be our
intent to
continue this search in the year to come in order to reduce our
heavy
dependency on cyclical construction markets.



Cornelius C. Vanderstar                                 John P.
Cunningham
Chairman                                                President

September 2, 1994<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

<CAPTION>
     Year Ended June 30             1994            1993          
 1992            1991            1990    
<S>                             <C>             <C>            
<C>             <C>             <C>
Sales and Earnings -
  Building products
    Commercial                  $ 66,843,000    $ 60,340,000    $
62,179,000    $ 73,552,000    $ 93,133,000
    Residential                   52,081,000      49,308,000     
52,696,000      55,749,000      70,769,000
    Extrusions                    38,616,000      28,585,000     
28,963,000      30,397,000      32,420,000
                                 157,540,000     138,233,000    
143,838,000     159,698,000     196,322,000
  Glass products                  17,233,000      13,962,000     
14,485,000      14,657,000      15,831,000
Total net sales                 $174,773,000    $152,195,000   
$158,323,000    $174,355,000    $212,153,000

Income before
  accounting change             $  7,365,000    $  3,602,000    $ 
  876,000    $  6,243,000    $ 15,772,000
Accounting change                  1,430,000                      
                                         
Net income                      $  8,795,000    $  3,602,000    $ 
  876,000    $  6,243,000    $ 15,772,000

Per common share:
  Income before
    accounting change                  $1.74           $ .85      
    $ .21           $1.46           $3.52
  Accounting change                      .34                      
                                         
  Net income                           $2.08           $ .85      
    $ .21           $1.46           $3.52

  Dividends declared                   $1.00           $1.00      
    $1.00           $1.00           $1.00


Financial Data at Year End -
  Working capital               $ 63,452,000    $ 61,447,000    $
61,044,000    $ 61,655,000    $ 63,507,000
  Total assets                   129,030,000     123,938,000    
122,286,000     129,377,000     134,701,000
  Long-term debt                   1,103,000       1,665,000      
2,226,000       2,787,000       3,355,000
  Shareholders' equity           103,435,000      98,947,000     
99,427,000     102,188,000     105,039,000
</TABLE>


MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION 
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Significant Changes in Results of Operations
1994 vs. 1993
Fiscal year 1994 net sales increased by $22,578,000 or 14.8% from
the fiscal
year 1993 level.  This increase is comprised of a $24,165,000
increase in 
domestic sales which was offset by a $1,587,000 decrease in
foreign sales.
The domestic sales increase reflects improvements posted by each
of the 
Company's domestic product groups.  The most significant domestic
increases 
were posted by the Aluminum Extrusion Group and the Commercial
Products Group
which reflect the upswing in activity in the manufacturing and
commercial 
construction segments of the economy.
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Gross profit was 29.2% of sales in 1994 as compared with 27.9% in
1993, 
primarily reflecting the production cost efficiencies in the
Aluminum 
Extrusion and Commercial Products lines resulting from
significantly increased
volume.  This increase was offset by increases in production
costs at the two
California residential products companies necessitated by the
introduction of
a new line of more energy efficient products required to meet
stringent energy 
standards mandated by the California Energy Commission.

Selling, general and administrative expenses were 22.8% of sales
in 1994 as 
compared with 25.2% in 1993.  Expenses in the current year have
risen by 
$1,548,000 primarily due to additional distribution costs
associated with the
increased volumes of business.  

The decrease in investment income relates to significant
decreases in the 
market values of interest rate sensitive securities during the
year.

1993 vs. 1992
Net sales for fiscal 1993 decreased by $6,128,000 or 3.9% from
net sales of 
fiscal 1992.  This decrease consists of a $3,582,000 decrease in
domestic sales 
and a $2,546,000 decrease in foreign sales.  The overall sales
decrease 
reflects the continued stagnant economies of the United States
and Western 
Europe.  The prolonged domestic recession has stifled the demand
for 
residential and commercial construction and has created an
oversupply of
buildings across the United States.

Cost of sales decreased to 72.1% of sales in 1993 as compared
with 74.9% in 
1992.  This decrease is primarily related to two factors.  The
Aluminum 
Extrusion Group decreased costs of production through operating
efficiencies
attained from enhanced production procedures.  The Commercial
Products Group 
decreased their costs of sales through a restructuring of the
eastern plants 
into warehouse service centers supplied by the Texas plant.

Selling, general and administrative expenses in 1993 were
$504,000 below 
those of 1992.  This decrease is primarily related with decreased
selling 
costs due to reduced expenditures for advertising.

The increase in investment income directly relates to
significantly 
increased rates of return on the Company's investable funds.

Liquidity and Capital Resources
Working capital at June 30, 1994 was $63,452,000, an increase of
$2,005,000 
or 3.3% over the June 30, 1993 level and an increase of
$2,408,000 or 3.9% 
over the June 30, 1992 level.  The ratio of current assets to
current
liabilities was 4.2 at the end of 1994 compared to 4.6 at the end
of 1993 and
5.2 at the end of 1992.  Thus, the Company continues to be in
excellent 
position to meet its short-term requirements.  Funds in excess of
current
operating requirements are invested in marketable securities and
short-term 
interest-bearing instruments.

Capital expenditures for property, plant and equipment of
approximately 
$4,559,000 in 1994, $3,479,000 in 1993 and $2,240,000 in 1992
were financed 
through internal cash flow.  The Company's projected capital
expenditures
for fiscal 1995 include $3,000,000  for scheduled expansion of
production 
capacity in addition to the normal annual expenditures for
replacement items.  
The Company anticipates financing these expenditures through
internal cash flow.

The Company had $10,000,000 in available credit at the end of
1994 under a 
short-term borrowing arrangement witha bank.<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
June 30, 1994 and 1993                                            
                                         

<CAPTION>
Assets                                                            
           1994                  1993    
<S>                                                               
       <C>                   <C>
Current assets:
  Cash                                                            
       $  5,973,000          $  4,847,000
  Short-term investments                                          
          9,727,000            14,407,000
  Accounts receivable, less reserve of
    $815,000 in 1994 and $673,000 in 1993                         
         34,715,000            29,620,000
  Unbilled receivables                                            
          1,055,000             1,441,000
  Inventories                                                     
         28,741,000            25,942,000
  Prepaid expenses                                                
          1,580,000             1,529,000
  Future income tax benefits                                      
          1,326,000               827,000
       Total current assets                                       
         83,117,000            78,613,000




Property, plant and equipment, at cost:
  Land                                                            
          7,252,000             6,925,000
  Buildings and improvements                                      
         27,915,000            27,766,000
  Machinery and equipment                                         
         52,754,000            49,878,000
                                                                  
         87,921,000            84,569,000
  Less - Accumulated depreciation                                 
         48,133,000            44,528,000
                                                                  
         39,788,000            40,041,000






Other assets:
  Costs in excess of net assets of purchased businesses           
          4,972,000             5,105,000
  Other                                                           
          1,153,000               179,000
                                                                  
          6,125,000             5,284,000
                                                                  
       $129,030,000          $123,938,000


<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
June 30, 1994 and 1993                                            
                                         

<CAPTION>
Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity                              
           1994                  1993    
<S>                                                               
       <C>                   <C>
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                                
       $  8,449,000          $  7,860,000
  Accrued liabilities                                             
          8,877,000             8,720,000
  Current portion of long-term debt                               
            562,000               422,000
  Income taxes payable                                            
          1,777,000               164,000
       Total current liabilities                                  
         19,665,000            17,166,000

Long-term debt                                                    
          1,103,000             1,665,000

Other liabilities:
  Deferred income taxes                                           
          4,466,000             5,827,000
  Other                                                           
            361,000               333,000
                                                                  
          4,827,000             6,160,000

Commitments (Note 7)


Shareholders' equity:
  Capital Stock -
    Preferred, $10.00 par value -
      Authorized - 500,000 shares
      Outstanding - none
    Common, $1.00 par value -
      Authorized - 10,000,000 shares
      Outstanding - 4,230,780 shares in 1994
         and 4,220,463 shares in 1993                             
          4,704,000             4,694,000
  Paid-in capital                                                 
          3,359,000             3,230,000
  Retained earnings, including cumulative
    translation adjustment of $2,228,000
    in 1994 and $2,446,000 in 1993                                
         95,372,000            91,023,000
                                                                  
        103,435,000            98,947,000
                                                                  
       $129,030,000          $123,938,000

/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
For the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992                  
                                         

<CAPTION>
                                                                 
1994             1993             1992    
<S>                                                           <C> 
            <C>              <C>
Net sales                                                    
$174,773,000     $152,195,000     $158,323,000
Cost of sales                                                 
123,725,000      109,675,000      118,587,000
   Gross profit                                                
51,048,000       42,520,000       39,736,000
Selling, general and administrative expenses                   
39,920,000       38,372,000       38,876,000
   Income from operations                                      
11,128,000        4,148,000          860,000
Investment income                                                 
479,000        1,428,000          771,000
Interest expense                                                 
(102,000)        (134,000)        (225,000)
   Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of
      accounting change                                        
11,505,000        5,442,000        1,406,000
Provision for income taxes                                      
4,140,000        1,840,000          530,000
   Income before cumulative effect of accounting change         
7,365,000        3,602,000          876,000
Cumulative effect of accounting change for income taxes         
1,430,000                                  
Net income                                                    $ 
8,795,000     $  3,602,000     $    876,000

Earnings per common share:
   Income before cumulative effect of accounting change           
  $1.74             $.85             $.21
   Cumulative effect of accounting change                         
    .34                                  
   Net income                                                     
  $2.08             $.85             $.21
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
For the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992                  
                                         

<CAPTION>
                                             Common Stock      
                                         Number                   
 Paid-in       Retained
                                        of Shares      Amount     
 Capital       Earnings          Total   
<S>                                     <C>          <C>          
<C>           <C>            <C>
Balance, June 30, 1991                  4,204,939    $4,678,000   
$3,092,000    $94,418,000    $102,188,000
   Exercise of stock options               13,484        14,000   
   115,000                        129,000
   Translation adjustment                                         
                  448,000         448,000
   Cash dividends                                                 
               (4,214,000)     (4,214,000)
   Net income                                                     
                  876,000         876,000
Balance, June 30, 1992                  4,218,423     4,692,000   
 3,207,000     91,528,000      99,427,000
   Exercise of stock options                2,040         2,000   
    23,000                         25,000
   Translation adjustment                                         
                  113,000         113,000
   Cash dividends                                                 
               (4,220,000)     (4,220,000)
   Net income                                                     
                3,602,000       3,602,000
Balance, June 30, 1993                  4,220,463     4,694,000   
 3,230,000     91,023,000      98,947,000
   Exercise of stock options               10,317        10,000   
   129,000                        139,000
   Translation adjustment                                         
                 (218,000)       (218,000)
   Cash dividends                                                 
               (4,228,000)     (4,228,000)
   Net income                                                     
                8,795,000       8,795,000
Balance, June 30, 1994                  4,230,780    $4,704,000   
$3,359,000    $95,372,000    $103,435,000


<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
For the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992                  
                                         

<CAPTION>
                                                                
1994              1993              1992   
<S>                                                          <C>  
            <C>               <C>
Cash flows from operating activities:
   Net income                                                $
8,795,000       $ 3,602,000       $   876,000
   Adjustments for noncash transactions:
     Depreciation and amortization                            
4,696,000         4,607,000         4,790,000
     Change in deferred income taxes                           
(699,000)          (94,000)         (110,000)
     Change in accounting for income taxes                   
(1,430,000)
   Changes in assets and liabilities:
     Receivables                                             
(4,883,000)          743,000         1,376,000
     Inventories                                             
(2,846,000)       (1,552,000)        5,086,000
     Prepaid expenses and other                              
(1,020,000)           40,000           586,000
     Accounts payable                                           
646,000         1,842,000        (3,435,000)
     Accrued liabilities and other                              
221,000         1,265,000          (666,000)
     Income taxes payable                                     
1,871,000          (293,000)          441,000
     Net cash provided by operating activities                
5,351,000        10,160,000         8,944,000

Cash flows from investing activities:
   Capital expenditures                                      
(4,559,000)       (3,479,000)       (2,240,000)
   Proceeds from sales of capital assets                        
170,000           317,000           412,000
     Net cash used in investing activities                   
(4,389,000)       (3,162,000)       (1,828,000)

Cash flows from financing activities:
   Repayment of long-term debt                                 
(422,000)         (700,000)         (707,000)
   Exercise of stock options                                    
139,000            25,000           129,000
   Dividends paid to shareholders                            
(4,228,000)       (4,220,000)       (4,214,000)
     Net cash used in financing activities                   
(4,511,000)       (4,895,000)       (4,792,000)

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                          
(5,000)         (100,000)          (50,000)
Net change in cash and short-term investments                
(3,554,000)        2,003,000         2,274,000
Cash and short-term investments at beginning of year         
19,254,000        17,251,000        14,977,000
Cash and short-term investments at end of year              
$15,700,000       $19,254,000       $17,251,000


<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1.  Significant accounting policies and procedures -

(a)  Principles of consolidation

The accompanying consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of 
the Company and all its domestic and foreign subsidiaries.  All
significant 
intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in
consolidation.  
To expedite reporting, the Company follows the practice of
consolidating its 
foreign subsidiary using a year ending one month prior to the
June 30th year
end of its domestic subsidiaries.

(b)  Short-term Investments

Short-term investments include preferred stocks, certificates of
deposit and 
money market funds.

During fiscal year 1993, the Company adopted Statement of
Financial 
Accounting Standards No. 115 - Accounting For Certain Investments
in Debt and 
Equity Securities.  The preferred stocks are classified as
"Trading
Securities"; consequently, unrealized holding gains/losses are
being 
currently recognized.  Investment income includes unrealized
holding losses of 
$581,000 in 1994 and unrealized holding gains of $487,000 in
1993.

(c)  Long-term contracts

Certain sales of the Company's Netherlands subsidiary, Eland-
Brandt, B.V., 
are made under contracts covering extended periods of time. 
These contracts 
are accounted for by the percentage-of-completion method on the
basis of total 
costs of shipments compared to total estimated costs.  Costs and
estimated 
earnings in excess of billings on uncompleted contracts are
classified as 
"Unbilled receivables".  It is anticipated that all such
receivables will be 
collected within one year.

(d)  Inventories

Inventories, stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or
market, are 
summarized as follows:

                                                      1994        
   1993   
Raw materials                                     $21,415,000    
$18,424,000
Work in process                                     2,332,000     
 3,374,000
Finished goods                                      4,994,000     
 4,144,000
                                                  $28,741,000    
$25,942,000

(e)  Depreciation and amortization policies

Depreciation and amortization are provided over the estimated
useful lives of
the assets or the remaining terms of the leases, whichever is
shorter, using 
the straight-line method for financial reporting purpose
accelerated methods 
for tax purposes.

The excess of the purchase price over the underlying book value
of the 
companies acquired is classified as "Costs in excess of net
assets of purchased 
businesses."  The related amounts of $6,095,000 are generally
being amortized
using the straight-line method over periods of up to forty years. 
Accumulated 
amortization totalled $1,123,000 at June 30, 1994 and $990,000 at 
June 30, 1993.<PAGE>
<PAGE>
Note 2.  Earnings per common share -

Earnings per common share have been computed based upon the
weighted average 
number of shares outstanding; 4,226,733 shares in 1994, 4,219,401
shares in 
1993 and 4,211,372 shares in 1992.


Note 3.  Statement of Cash Flows - 

All short-term investments qualify as cash equivalents.

Cash payments for interest were $81,000 in 1994, $168,000 in 1993
and 
$246,000 in 1992.  Cash payments for income taxes were $2,957,000
in 1994, 
$2,214,000 in 1993 and $196,000 in 1992.


Note 4.  Short-term debt and line of credit - 

The Company has a loan agreement with a domestic bank providing
for a 
$10,000,000 unsecured short-term line of credit at 55 basis
points below the 
bank's prevailing prime interest rate (6.70 percent at June 30,
1994).  There
was no amount outstanding under the agreement at June 30, 1994.


Note 5.  Accrued Liabilities -

Components of accrued liabilities at June 30, 1994 and 1993 are:

                                                       1994       
   1993   
Wages and compensated absences                      $4,666,000    
$3,770,000
Taxes, other than income taxes                       1,411,000    
 1,211,000
Insurance                                              752,000    
 1,928,000
Dividends                                            1,058,000    
 1,055,000
Other                                                  990,000    
   756,000
                                                    $8,877,000    
$8,720,000
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Note 6.  Long-term debt -

Long-term debt consists primarily of an Industrial Development
Revenue Bond 
that financed the development of two plant facilities in Rock
Hill, South 
Carolina.  The bond is secured by first mortgage liens on the two
properties. 
Interest payments, at 73% of the floating prime rate, and
principal 
installments of $138,000 are paid quarterly.

Future payments due on the long-term debt total $562,000 for
1995, $562,000 
for 1996 and $541,000 for 1997.


Note 7.  Commitments -

The Company is committed under lease agreements expiring at
various dates to 
1998.  Certain of the leases have renewal options for periods
ranging from two 
to ten years and others provide for rent revisions at various
dates. Under the 
leases the Company is obligated to pay property taxes, insurance
and 
maintenance.  All facility leases are classified as operating
leases.

Real property rental expense for the three years ended June 30,
1994 was 
$645,000 in 1994, $606,000 in 1993 and $555,000 in 1992.  Real
property 
rental commitments for the next three fiscal years are $574,000
in 1995, 
$291,000 in 1996 and $108,000 in 1997.


Note 8.  Stock options -

At June 30, 1994 there were 572,676 common shares reserved and
available for 
issuance to certain executive and managerial employees under the
Company's 
Stock Option Plans.  All options outstanding under the plans are
immediately 
exercisable and expire in fiscal year 1998.

At June 30, 1994 there were 72,676 incentive stock options
outstanding.  
Payment upon exercise may be either cash or the delivery of
Company common 
stock of equivalent value.  Shares surrendered by optionees
(2,133 shares in
1994 and 900 in 1993) are immediately retired.

The transactions for shares under options for the two years ended 
June 30, 1994 were:

                                                    Option price  
  Number of
                                                      per share   
    shares 
Outstanding, June 30, 1992                             $15.38     
    88,066
   Exercised                                            15.38     
   ( 2,940)
Outstanding, June 30, 1993                              15.38     
    85,126
   Exercised                                            15.38     
   (12,450)
Outstanding, June 30, 1994                             $15.38     
    72,676 
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 9. Income taxes -

In July 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards
No. 109 (FAS 109), Accounting for Income Taxes.  The adoption of
FAS 109 
changed the Company's method of accounting for income taxes
deferral method to 
an asset and liability approach which requires the recognition of
deferred 
tax liabilities and assets for the expected future consequences
of temporary 
differences between the carrying amounts for financial reporting
purposes and
the tax bases of assets and liabilities.  As of July 1, 1993, the
Company
recorded a tax benefit of $1,430,000 or $.34 per share, which
represents the 
net decrease to the deferred tax liability as of that date.  This
amount has 
been reflected in current year net income as the cumulative
effect of a change 
in accounting principle.
<TABLE>
The components of income before United States and foreign income
taxes are:
<CAPTION>
                                                                  
   1994           1993           1992   
<S>                                                              
<C>             <C>            <C>
Domestic                                                         
$12,210,000     $6,624,000     $1,084,000
Foreign                                                           
  (705,000)    (1,182,000)       322,000
                                                                 
$11,505,000     $5,442,000     $1,406,000

The provision for income taxes is comprised of the following:
                                                                  
   1994           1993           1992   
Current -
   Federal                                                       
$ 4,142,000     $1,978,000     $  428,000
   State                                                          
   770,000        333,000         79,000
   Foreign                                                        
   (73,000)      (377,000)       133,000
                                                                  
 4,839,000      1,934,000        640,000
Deferred -
   Federal                                                        
  (588,000)       (70,000)       (77,000)
   State                                                          
   (73,000)        20,000        (31,000)
   Foreign                                                        
   (38,000)       (44,000)        (2,000)
                                                                  
  (699,000)       (94,000)      (110,000)
                                                                 
$ 4,140,000     $1,840,000     $  530,000

A reconciliation between the provisions for income taxes,
computed by applying the Federal statutory rate to
income before taxes, and the book provisions for income taxes
follows:

                                                                  
   1994           1993           1992   
Taxes on book income at statutory rate                           
$ 3,912,000     $1,850,000     $  478,000
Increases (decreases) resulting from:
   State income taxes, net of Federal income tax benefit          
   460,000        233,000         32,000
   Dividend exclusion                                             
  (195,000)      (134,000)        (7,000)
   Foreign tax credit carryforward                                
  (157,000)      (129,000)
   Other                                                          
   120,000         20,000         27,000
Provision for income taxes                                       
$ 4,140,000     $1,840,000     $  530,000
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
<TABLE>
Deferred income taxes result from temporary differences in the
recognition of income and expenses for tax and
financial statement purposes.  The tax effects of the significant
temporary differences which comprise the
deferred tax assets and liabilities at June 30, 1994 are as
follows: 
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                               
                              <C>
Accounts receivable                                               
                              $  316,000
Inventory                                                         
                                 309,000
Accrued liabilities                                               
                                 623,000
Other                                                             
                                  78,000
   Net deferred tax asset                                         
                              $1,326,000

Property, plant and equipment                                     
                              $4,389,000
Other                                                             
                                  77,000
   Net deferred tax liability                                     
                              $4,466,000
</TABLE>
No provision for U.S. taxes has been made for undistributed
earnings of 
foreign subsidiaries since it is expected that the major portion
of such 
earnings will continue to be reinvested for an indefinite period
of time.

<TABLE>
Note 10.  Segment and geographical information -

The Company is a vertically integrated manufacturer of building
products with
international operations in The Netherlands.
<CAPTION>
Sales, net income and identifiable assets for domestic and
foreign operations for the last three years are as
follows:
                                                                  
1994             1993             1992    
<S>                                                           
<C>              <C>              <C>
Sales:
  United States                                               
$163,238,000     $139,073,000     $142,655,000
  Foreign                                                       
11,535,000       13,122,000       15,668,000
                                                              
$174,773,000     $152,195,000     $158,323,000

Net income:
  United States                                                $ 
9,390,000     $  4,360,000     $    684,000
  Foreign                                                         
(595,000)        (758,000)         192,000
                                                               $ 
8,795,000     $  3,602,000     $    876,000

Identifiable assets:
  United States                                               
$121,127,000     $114,799,000     $112,200,000
  Foreign                                                        
7,903,000        9,139,000       10,086,000
                                                              
$129,030,000     $123,938,000     $122,286,000
<FN>
The Company's equity investment in its consolidated foreign
subsidiary was $5,254,000 at June 30, 1994.
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
Note 11.  Unaudited quarterly financial information - 

Quarterly financial information for the fiscal years ended June
30, 1994 and 1993 is summarized as follows:
<CAPTION>
                                   First          Second          
Third          Fourth           Fiscal   
                                  Quarter         Quarter        
Quarter         Quarter           Year    
<S>                             <C>             <C>            
<C>             <C>             <C>
1994
Net sales                       $42,132,000     $44,539,000    
$40,426,000     $47,676,000     $174,773,000
Cost of sales                    30,853,000      32,281,000     
27,857,000      32,734,000      123,725,000
Net income                        2,629,000       1,526,000      
1,528,000       3,112,000        8,795,000
Earnings per share                      .62             .36       
     .36             .74             2.08

1993
Net sales                       $40,706,000     $38,189,000    
$33,642,000     $39,658,000     $152,195,000
Cost of sales                    29,374,000      27,650,000     
24,537,000      28,114,000      109,675,000
Net income (loss)                 1,234,000         896,000       
(126,000)      1,598,000        3,602,000
Earnings (loss) per share               .29             .21       
    (.03)            .38              .85

<FN>
During the first quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company adopted
Statement of 
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 - Accounting for Income
Taxes which 
increased net income by $1,430,000 or $.34 per share.

During the third quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company sold its
International 
Aluminum, S. de R.L. de C.V.subsidiary.  This operation, which
was located in 
Tijuana, Mexico, was sold for its approximate net book carrying
value.
</TABLE>





<TABLE>
QUARTERLY STOCK INFORMATION

<CAPTION>
                                                 1994             
                       1993               
                                     High         Low      
Dividend          High         Low       Dividend
<S>                                 <C>         <C>         <C>   
          <C>         <C>         <C>
First Quarter                       $24 1/2     $22 1/8       $
.25          $20 3/8     $18 3/8       $ .25 
Second Quarter                       24 3/8      21 5/8        
.25           21 1/2      19 1/8         .25 
Third Quarter                        28          23 5/8        
.25           24          20 5/8         .25 
Fourth Quarter                       26 3/4      23 7/8        
.25           23 7/8      23 1/4         .25 
Year                                $28         $21 5/8      
$1.00          $24         $18 3/8       $1.00 
/TABLE
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
       
       
       
       
       
                                                                  
         P
       PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP                                       
         W
       
       
       
       
       
       
       To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
       International Aluminum Corporation
       
       
       In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets and the 
       related consolidated statements of income, shareholders'
equity and 
       cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial 
       position of International Aluminum Corporation and its
subsidiaries at 
       June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the results of their
operations and their 
       cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
June 30, 1994,
       in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles.  These 
       financial statements are the responsibility of the
Company's 
       management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these 
       financial statements based on our audits.  We conducted
our audits
       of these statements in accordance with generally accepted
auditing 
       standards which require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain 
       reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free 
       of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on
a test basis, 
       evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial 
       statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant
       estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial 
       statement presentation.  We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable 
       basis for the opinion expressed above.
       
       As discussed in Note 9 to the consolidated financial
statements, the 
       Company changed its method of accounting for income taxes
during the 
       year ended June 30, 1994.
       
       
       PRICE WATERHOUSE
       
       400 South Hope Street
       Los Angeles, CA 90071-2889
       August 17, 1994
              <PAGE>
<PAGE>
CORPORATE INFORMATION

DIRECTORS                                  OFFICERS

Cornelius C. Vanderstar                    John P. Cunningham
Chairman of the Board                      President

John P. Cunningham                         Hugh E. Curran
                                           Vice President - Sales
Hugh E. Curran
                                           David C. Treinen
David C. Treinen                           Vice President -
Finance; Secretary

Joel F. McIntyre                           Ronald L. Rudy
Partner in the Law Firm of                 Vice President -
Manufacturing
McIntyre & Lubeck
                                           Mitchell K. Fogelman
Alexander van de Pol                       Asst. Vice President -
Finance;
Retired President and                      Controller
Chairman of the Board of
Commonwealth Metals-Pacific                Michael S. Snodgrass
                                           Asst. Vice President -
Personnel &
Donald J. Willfong                         Industrial Relations
Executive Vice President of
Sutro & Co.                                Roland A. Young
                                           Treasurer; Assistant
Secretary






STOCK TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

Continental Stock Transfer
2 Broadway
New York, N.Y.  10004
(212) 509-4000


                                            ANNUAL SHAREHOLDERS
MEETING
STOCK EXCHANGE LISTINGS                     2 p.m., Thursday,
October 27, 1994
New York Stock Exchange                     International
Extrusion Corporation
Pacific Stock Exchange                      1000 Meridian Avenue
Trading Symbol - IAL                        Alhambra, California
91803
<PAGE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
SUBSIDIARIES BY PRODUCT GROUP
<CAPTION>
COMMERCIAL -                                        RESIDENTIAL -
<S>                                                 <C>
United States Aluminum Corporation                  International
Window Corporation
   Vernon, California                                  South
Gate, California

United States Aluminum Corporation-Illinois         International
Window-Northern California
   Bedford Park, Illinois                              Hayward,
California

United States Aluminum Corporation-Texas            International
Window-Arizona, Inc.
   Waxahachie, Texas                                   Phoenix,
Arizona
   Denver, Colorado
                                                    Maestro
Products, Inc.
United States Aluminum Corporation-Carolina            Riverside,
California
   Rock Hill, South Carolina                               
                                                    Eland-Brandt,
B.V.
United States Aluminum Corporation-Northeast           Amsterdam,
The Netherlands
   Bridgeport, New Jersey                                  

Ragland Manufacturing Company, Inc.                  
   Houston, Texas                                    
   Dallas, Texas
   Waxahachie, Texas


ALUMINUM EXTRUSIONS -                               GLASS -

International Extrusion Corporation                 International
California Glass Corporation
   Alhambra, California                                South
Gate, California

International Extrusion Corporation-Texas           International
Carolina Glass Corporation
   Waxahachie, Texas                                   Rock Hill,
South Carolina
</TABLE>









767 Monterey Pass Road
Monterey Park, California 91754
(213) 264-1670

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
