-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 tAl9QFxildRQxzlHdoi9anQlufWCMQw2+zebSHBUm3E+eDQXMKc2N5+Q+etp2lbZ
 XxlSW5c9/sbfaLZbBCdekw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000037743-94-000022.txt : 19940802
<IMS-HEADER>0000037743-94-000022.hdr.sgml : 19940802
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000037743-94-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940429
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940727

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLUKE CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000037743
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3825
		IRS NUMBER:				910606624
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05590
		FILM NUMBER:		94540234

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6920 SEAWAY BLVD
		CITY:			EVERETT
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2063476100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P.O. BOX 9090 MS 203
		CITY:			EVERETT
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98206

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FLUKE JOHN MANUFACTURING CO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>10K TEXT
<TEXT>


                     SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington, D.C.    20549

                              FORM 10-K

Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934

For the year ended April 29, 1994.

Commission file no. 1-5590

Fluke Corporation
(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Washington
(State of incorporation or organization)

91 - 0606624
(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

6920 Seaway Boulevard Everett, Washington  98203
(Address of principal executive offices)

(206)  347 - 6100
(Registrant's telephone number, including area code)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class            Name of each exchange on which registered

Common Stock, par value $.25           American Stock Exchange and 
                                       Pacific Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Title of each class

Common Stock Purchase Rights

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the 
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to 
the filing requirements for the past 90 days.

Yes     X          No

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 
405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to 
the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information 
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any 
amendment to this Form 10-K.  [   ]

As of July 8, 1994, there were 7,749,860 shares of $0.25 par value common 
stock outstanding and the aggregate market value of the common shares (based 
upon the closing price of the shares on the American Stock Exchange) held by 
nonaffiliates was approximately $141 million.

Documents Incorporated By Reference

The following documents are incorporated by reference in the listed parts of 
this Annual Report on Form 10-K:

Document                                                        Part of 10-K

1.  Annual Report to Stockholders for the year ended
    April 29, 1994 (only the portions listed in this report)  Parts I and II

2.  Proxy Statement dated August 5, 1994 (only the portions listed
    in this report)                                                 Part III


PART I

ITEM 1 - BUSINESS

Fluke Corporation (the Company) was founded in 1948 and was incorporated 
under the laws of the State of Washington on October 7, 1953.  In August, 
1993, the Company changed its name from John Fluke Mfg. Co., Inc. to Fluke 
Corporation. The Company is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of 
commercial electronic test and measurement instruments with a focus on the 
new and growing markets for compact, professional electronic test tools. The 
Company's products are used in service, manufacturing test and quality 
functions in a variety of industries throughout the world.

On May 26, 1993, with an effective date of May 1, 1993, the Company acquired 
the test and measurement business of Philips Electronics N.V. (Philips) of 
Eindhoven, the Netherlands.  Since 1987, the Company and Philips had a 
strategic alliance pursuant to which the Company sold, supported and 
serviced the Philips test and measurement products in North America and 
other selected markets, and Philips did the same for the Company's products 
in Europe and other selected markets.

The Company acquired engineering groups in the Netherlands and Germany as 
well as manufacturing operations in the Netherlands which now make up the 
Diagnostic Tools Division of the Company which is headquartered in Almelo, 
the Netherlands.  The division is responsible for ScopeMeter (registered 
trademark) test tools, oscilloscope, function generator and logic analyzer 
product lines.  The Company also acquired direct sales and service 
operations in fourteen European countries with the European sales and 
service headquarters located in Eindhoven, the Netherlands.

The Company paid for this acquisition with one million shares of the 
Company's common stock and $22.4 million in cash.  As part of the 
transaction, Philips also converted the preferred stock that they had 
previously purchased as part of the alliance into 538,144 shares of common 
stock at the rate established in the original preferred stock agreement.  
After the transaction, Philips owned 1,538,144 shares of common stock or 
approximately 19.5% of the shares outstanding.  There are restrictions on 
Philips' ability to sell the shares, and the Company has the option to 
purchase the shares before they can be offered to a third party.

PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

The Company is in a single line of business- the manufacture and sale of 
compact, professional electronic test tools.  Although the products vary in 
capability, sophistication, use, size and price, they all fundamentally test 
and measure electrical parameters. The Company is focusing its resources on 
the professional electronic test tools portion of the electronic instrument 
market because of the increasing electronic content of products outside the 
traditional test lab environment and the rapidly increasing demand for more 
compact tools that can be used at the point of service by technicians who 
have a wide variety of technical backgrounds.  The overall test and 
measurement (T&M) market is forecast to be approximately $8.0 billion in 
size in 1994, according to industry analysts, and has actually declined in 
each of the past three years.  This decline, most significantly impacting 
the more traditional T&M product categories, occurred for a number of 
reasons which include among others the increased utilization of computer-
aided design and engineering workstations which eliminated the need for 
certain T&M equipment, the utilization of self-test in many instruments made 
possible through the use of new microprocessors, and the economic impact of 
the slowdown in the defense industries.

The major categories of the Company's products are described below:

Handheld Digital Multimeters measure the magnitude of voltage, resistance, 
current and other electrical parameters.  These tools are also sold in 
versions which are modified to fit specific service applications such as the 
automotive field, where a full set of automotive measurement functions 
including rpm, frequency, duty cycle and pulse width are added. These meters 
are designed to be used by technicians to troubleshoot and service 
electrical and electronic equipment.  Numerous accessories are also 
available to maximize the utility of these tools for various applications.

Service tools designed specifically for the electrical market include power 
harmonics meters which measure the power quality in industrial applications, 
clamp meters which measure electrical current and digital multimeters which 
are modified for the specific needs of the electrical market.  

ScopeMeter test tools offer the capabilities of an oscilloscope to measure 
the time and amplitude properties of electrical signals such as voltage, 
current and power, as well as the ability of a digital multimeter to measure 
the magnitude of voltage, resistance, current and other electrical 
parameters.  This handheld tool is designed for use in "away from the bench" 
service environments in the electronic, electrical and automotive areas.

Calibrators and Standards are precise adjustable or programmable sources of 
voltage, current or resistance.  The precision outputs of these instruments 
are used in the calibration of other electronic equipment, as the stimulus 
for equipment under test and as secondary standards in laboratories of 
research, industry and aerospace facilities.

Data Loggers and Data Acquisition Systems scan a predetermined number of 
inputs representing voltage, temperature, flow, pressure and many other 
varying phenomena and convert each input (channel) to a digital value which 
can be displayed on the instrument, sent by hard wire or by radio signal to 
a printer, video terminal or personal computer for analysis.  Data loggers 
and the more sophisticated systems with compatible application-specific 
software packages are used in production testing, field research, 
laboratories and in a variety of industrial production processes where data 
accumulation and control are required.

Oscilloscopes measure the time and amplitude properties of electrical 
signals such as voltage, current and power.  They are used for a detailed 
study of just one signal or for comparing an incoming signal with a stored 
reference. The oscilloscope is a tool used in complicated service repair and 
for the development and testing of electronic circuits and systems.
	
LAN testers are portable troubleshooting tools for computer network cable 
installers and local area network computer managers.  These tools include a 
series of cable testers for insuring the proper installation of network 
cabling as well as troubleshooting tools which can detect problems in both 
Token Ring and Ethernet computer networks.

The Company, through its customer service and support organization, provides 
support and maintenance service and parts for products that the Company 
sells.  In geographic areas where the Company does not have direct 
operations, authorized representatives often provide such service.

NEW PRODUCTS

Fluke added five new products in its line of Local Area Network (LAN) 
troubleshooting tools in fiscal 1994.  Fluke LAN products are designed to 
help both LAN managers and LAN cable installers locate and diagnose problems 
in their networks and cabling quickly and easily.

To help LAN managers keep their networks up and running, Fluke introduced 
the 672 LANMeter (registered trademark) test tool, a Token Ring version of 
its 670 Ethernet LANMeter, and the 675 LANMeter, a combination version for 
both Ethernet and Token Ring.  All three of these products are used to test 
and troubleshoot a vast array of LAN problems.

Designed specifically for problems facing network cable installers, Fluke 
introduced the 610 LAN CableMapper (registered trademark), which can 
identify major faults in the cabling and verify if the wiring in a network 
is properly terminated;  the new 620 CableMeter (registered trademark), 
which allows cable installers to position cable properly without using a 
remote unit at the other end of the cable, thus enabling installers to work 
alone rather than in pairs;  and the 652 LAN CableMeter, which includes all 
the features of the Fluke 650 CableMeter (introduced in fiscal year 1993), 
plus adds a backlit screen and a measurement range of 20 megahertz.

The Fluke 2625A/WL Wireless Logger (registered trademark) is a 21-channel 
wireless data logger designed to be set up and used in locations once 
considered too remote, inaccessible or environmentally hostile for a real 
time monitoring system.  Using spread spectrum technology, the Wireless 
Logger is capable of collecting and transmitting data back to a PC from up 
to 800 feet away and could be used in such industries as electric 
utilities/generating stations, automotive and process industries, as well as 
a variety of manufacturing facilities.

Three new products introduced by Fluke in fiscal 1994 were developed 
specifically for applications in the electrical market.  The Models 40 and 
41 Power Harmonics Meters were designed for plant electricians, electrical 
contractors, facilities managers and others who need to manage and 
troubleshoot power distribution problems, diagnose the effects of harmonic 
problems and take preventive or corrective action.  The low-cost Model 30 
Clamp Meter is designed to complement the Fluke Models 31 and 33 Clamp 
Meters by providing basic average sensing ac measurements capabilities.

The new PM 3384E CombiScope (registered trademark) oscilloscope was 
developed specifically for use in research, manufacturing test and product 
verification for diesel and combustion engine monitoring.  The PM 3384E is 
based on the general purpose line of Fluke CombiScopes with modifications 
that make it ideal for the growing diesel and turbine engine marketplace.

The 80T-IR Infrared Temperature Probe can make noncontact temperature 
measurements using a digital multimeter.  This is ideal for situations where 
the object is electrically live, moving, hard to reach or can be 
contaminated by touch.

SALES AND DISTRIBUTION

The Company utilizes three main sales channels - direct sales, distribution 
sales and representative organizations - to match the needs of the customer.  
Direct sales is utilized where the needs of the customer require direct 
contact and support of an account manager and generally involve the sale of 
the more technically complex products.  The direct sales force is also 
somewhat involved in creating the market in some regions of the world for 
the products which are sold through distribution and representative 
organizations.

Distribution sales are generally utilized for the Company's less expensive, 
handheld tools where the customers do not need specific application 
instruction and support or are accustomed to using a distributor to serve 
their needs.  Distributors, including electrical wholesalers, automotive 
warehouses, industrial distributors and catalog houses, buy directly from 
the Company and resell to a variety of end-users.

Representative organizations are utilized where particular expertise is more 
closely aligned with the customers' requirements of certain targeted markets 
such as in the LAN field or where the Company does not have a direct sales 
organization.

The Company has direct sales and service organizations in the United States, 
Canada, Japan, Singapore fourteen countries in Europe and a representative 
office in the People's Republic of China.  The Company is represented 
throughout the remainder of the world by representative organizations.  
Overall, international sales accounted for approximately 53 percent of all 
sales made during fiscal 1994.

SUPPLIERS

Most of the raw materials and components used by the Company in its 
manufacturing operation are available from numerous sources.  Those products 
only available from sole sources are generally protected by long-term 
contracts with suppliers.  Fluke's efforts to partner with suppliers has 
helped to assure a continuity of supply even during difficult allocation 
times.

PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS

The Company holds or has pending certain United States and foreign patents 
to protect product designs, processes and techniques for the duration of 
their value to the Company.  No significant patents have been adjudicated 
and no representation is made as to the validity or the degree of protection 
afforded by any patent.  While the Company considers its existing and 
pending patents to be important and expects to apply for patents with 
respect to any significant developments it regards as patentable, it does 
not consider its business as dependent to any material extent upon any one 
or more of such patents, nor would its present business be materially 
adversely affected if any of the patents were held invalid. The Company also 
owns trademarks, copyrights and proprietary information, which are 
considered by the Company to have significant value.

SEASONAL TRENDS AND WORKING CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS

While the Company is subject to minor seasonality effects associated with 
conducting business in various regions of the world, the impact of these 
seasonal trends is immaterial to the Company as a whole.  The Company does 
not have any extraordinary working capital requirements.

CUSTOMERS

The Company's customers are generally involved in the installation, service, 
repair or calibration of electronic or electrical equipment. They are also 
involved in research and development activities.

No one customer accounted for more than 10 percent of the Company's sales in 
fiscal year 1994.

BACKLOG

The Company's backlog of unfilled orders amounted to approximately $37.0 
million as of April 29, 1994, approximately $32.0 million as of April 30, 
1993 and approximately $35.6 million as of September 25, 1992.  The Company 
expects to satisfy nearly all such unfilled orders in fiscal 1995.  The 
backlog consists of many different customer orders with no one customer 
being a material component.  The Company does not believe the level of 
backlog is a meaningful indicator of future business.

COMPETITION

The principal means of competition include price, performance, service and 
warranty.  Although no single element clearly dominates, the Company's 
products are often preferred because they typically combine unique and 
desired features with superior quality, reliability and ruggedness.  There 
are numerous firms engaged in the production of electronic test and 
measurement products, and the primary competing firms vary significantly 
among the Company's various product lines.  Some of these firms are 
substantially larger than the Company and, as such, have greater financial 
resources.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

The Company's research activities are directed toward the development of new 
products that will complement and expand the present product line and toward 
the creation of new manufacturing techniques. Research and development 
expense was approximately $35.0 million for the year ended April 29, 1994 
which was 9.8 percent of the Company's fiscal 1994 revenues.  Research and 
development expense was $13.7 million for the seven months ended April 30, 
1993, $22.5 million for fiscal year ended September 1992 and $22.1 million 
for fiscal 1991 which were 10.3, 8.3 and 9.2 percent of the Company's total 
revenues, respectively.  No research contracts are obtained from customers, 
nor does the Company conduct any research work under government development 
contracts.

ENVIRONMENTAL CONTROLS

The Company does not anticipate any material effects upon its capital 
expenditures, earnings or competitive position as a result of compliance 
with federal, state and local provisions regulating the discharge of 
materials into the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of 
the environment.

EMPLOYEES

The Company had 2,583 full-time employees as of April 29, 1994.

FOREIGN OPERATIONS AND EXPORT SALES

Information related to foreign operations and export sales is incorporated 
herein by reference to Note 11 of the Consolidated Financial Statements on 
page 42 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders, a copy of which 
is filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report.

The increase in revenues from outside of the United States has added some 
complexity and risk to the Company.  These risks include increased exposure 
to the risk of foreign currency fluctuations and the potential economic and 
political impacts from doing business in foreign countries, including 
changes in labor and tax laws, import and export controls and changes in 
governmental policies.


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The Executive Officers, who serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors 
of the Company, as of July 9, 1994, are as follows:

WILLIAM G. PARZYBOK, JR.  Mr. Parzybok, age 52, has been Chairman of the 
Board, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of the Company since 1991.  He 
previously had been employed for 22 years by The Hewlett-Packard Company 
where his most recent position was Vice President and General Manager of 
Engineering Applications Group from 1988 to 1991.  Mr. Parzybok serves on 
the Executive Committee of the Board.  He is also a Director of PENWEST, 
Ltd.

GEORGE M. WINN.  Mr. Winn, age 50, has been President, Chief Operating 
Officer and a Director of the Company since 1982.  He previously served as 
Chief Executive Officer of the Company from 1987 to 1991.  Mr. Winn serves 
on the Executive Committee of the Board.  He is also a Director of Heart 
Technology, Inc.

RICHARD W. VAN SAUN.  Mr. Van Saun, age 57, is Senior Vice President of the 
Company and was named Group Manager of the Diagnostic Tools Division in 
1992.  He served as Vice President and Group Manager of the Service 
Equipment Group from 1986 to 1992.

RONALD R. WAMBOLT.  Mr. Wambolt, age 59, is a Senior Vice President of the 
Company and Director of Worldwide Sales and Service.  He previously served 
as Senior Vice President and Director of Worldwide Sales from 1987 to 1991.

DONALD R. HALL.  Mr. Hall, age 64, has been a Vice President of the Company 
and General Manager of the Service Tools Division since 1992.  He previously 
served as Director of Marketing for the Service Equipment Group from 1989 to 
1992.

WILLIAM R. HOFFMAN.  Mr. Hoffman, age 58, is Vice President of the Company 
and Manager of Corporate Services. He is also a General Manager of 
Calibration for the Verification Tools Division.  He previously served as 
Vice President of Marketing Services and the Philips T&M Group from 1991 to 
1992 and as Vice President of the Company and Group Manager of the Philips 
T&M Group from 1987 to 1991.

DAVID E. KATRI.  Mr. Katri, age 44, has been a Vice President of the Company 
and General Manager of the Verification Tools Division since 1992.  He 
previously served as Vice President of the Company and Group Manager of the 
Manufacturing/R&D Group from 1991 to 1992 and as Group Manager of the 
Manufacturing/R&D Group from 1988 to 1990.

DOUGLAS G. MCKNIGHT.  Mr. McKnight, age 45, has served as Vice President, 
General Counsel of the Company since 1986 and as Corporate Secretary since 
1983.

BARRY L. ROWAN.  Mr. Rowan, age 37, has been Vice President and Chief 
Financial Officer of the Company since 1992.  He previously had been 
employed by Comlinear Corporation where he served as President from 1989 to 
1992 and, prior to that, as Vice President of Finance and Administration 
from 1983 to 1989.

JOHN R. SMITH.  Mr. Smith, age 53, has been Vice President, Treasurer of the 
Company since 1987.


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
ITEM 2 - PROPERTIES

Pertinent information concerning principal properties of the Company and its 
subsidiaries as of April 29, 1994 is as follows:
<CAPTION>
LOCATION                     TYPE OF FACILITY 

OWNED PROPERTIES
Location                     Type of Use                     Acreage (Land)/
                                                      Sq. Footage (Building)
<S>           <C>                                           <C>

Everett, WA                  Principal executive offices,     139.00 acres /
                             engineering, manufacturing      480,000 sq. ft.
                             and marketing

Everett, WA                  Manufacturing, warehousing        17.35 acres /
                                                             200,000 sq. ft.

Everett, WA                  Service, distribution,
                             warehousing                        8.20 acres /
                                                             102,600 sq. ft.

Paramus, NJ                 Sales and service                   1.50 acres /
                                                              25,000 sq. ft.

Palatine, IL                 Sales and service                  4.80 acres /
                                                              27,000 sq. ft.

SIGNIFICANT LEASED PROPERTIES

Location                     Type of Use                     Acreage (Land)/
                                                      Sq. Footage (Building)

Almelo, The Netherlands      Engineering,                    138,400 sq. ft.
                             manufacturing and
                             marketing

Eindhoven, The Netherlands   European headquarters            17,600 sq. ft.
                             for sales and service

Herleen, The Netherlands     Manufacturing                    35,300 sq. ft.

</TABLE>

The Company has approximately 222,000 square feet of additional leased 
facilities throughout the world which are utilized for sales and service.

The Company believes that its existing facilities are in good condition and 
are suitable and adequate for its business.  The manufacturing facilities 
are fully utilized on a one-shift basis and, in most cases, partially 
utilized on a second- and third-shift basis.  Most of the manufacturing and 
testing equipment, fixtures and furnishings are owned by the Company and are 
considered by the Company to be modern, efficient and adequate for the 
Company's immediate requirements.  Most of the electronic data processing 
equipment used for sales analysis, inventory and production control is 
leased.

The facilities owned by the Company in Everett, Washington and the leased 
properties in Almelo, Eindhoven and Heerlen, The Netherlands involve 
significant investments.  These properties could be duplicated, if 
necessary, with some disruption to operations.  The other facilities are not 
considered material investments and could be replaced without significant 
disruption to operations.  All facilities owned by the Company are insured 
at their estimated replacement cost.

ITEM 3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Not applicable.

ITEM 4 - SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

Not applicable.

PART II

ITEM 5 - MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER
         MATTERS

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to 
Stock Price Information on page 48 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report to 
Stockholders, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report.

ITEM 6 - SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to 
the Financial Summary on pages 46 and 47 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report 
to Stockholders, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report.

ITEM 7 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to 
pages 22 through 26 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders, a 
copy of which is filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report.

ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to 
pages 27 through 43 and the Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) on 
page 48 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders, a copy of which 
is filed as Exhibit 13 to this Report.

ITEM 9 - CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND 
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

Not applicable.

PART III

ITEM 10 - DIRECTORS OF THE REGISTRANT

The information required by this Item relating to Directors is incorporated 
herein by reference to pages 5 through 7 and pages 16 through 17 of the 
Company's proxy statement dated August 5, 1994, to be filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 14(a) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

ITEM 11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to 
pages 8 through 15 of the Company's proxy statement dated August 5, 1994, to 
be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 
14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

ITEM 12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to 
pages 3 and 4 of the Company's proxy statement dated August 5, 1994, to be 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 14(a) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

ITEM 13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to 
page 12 of the Company's proxy statement dated August 5, 1994, to be filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 14(a) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

PART IV

ITEM 14 - EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

  (a)(1)    Financial Statements of the Company

The following financial statements of Fluke Corporation and Subsidiaries are 
incorporated herein by reference to pages 27 through 43 of the Company's 
1994 Annual Report to Stockholders, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 13 
to this Report.

1.  Consolidated Balance Sheets as of April 29, 1994, April 30, 1993 and 
September 25, 1992.
2.  Consolidated Statements of Income for the year ended April 29, 1994, the 
seven months ended April 30, 1993 and for each of the two years in the 
period ended September 25, 1992.
3.  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended April 29, 1994, 
the seven months ended April 30, 1993 and for each of the two years in the 
period ended September 25, 1992.
4.  Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the year ended April 
29, 1994, the seven months ended April 30, 1993 and for each of the two 
years in the period ended September 25, 1992.
5.  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

  (a)(2)     Financial Statement Schedules

The following additional information should be read in conjunction with the 
Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company described in Item 14(a)(1):

Schedule V               Property, Plant and Equipment
Schedule VI              Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and
                            Amortization of Property, Plant and Equipment
Schedule VIII            Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
Schedule IX              Short-term Borrowings
Schedule X               Supplementary Income Statement Information

Schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are not 
required or are not applicable, or because the information is furnished 
elsewhere in the financial statements or the notes thereto.

  (a)(3) Index to Exhibits

Exhibit                                                         Page No.
No.     Exhibit                                               Sequential
                                                        Numbering System

3.      Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws.

3.1     Restated copy of Articles of 
Incorporation as amended on August 11, 1993.

3.2     Conformed Copy of Bylaws as amended 
through November 12, 1992 (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Form 
10-K Report for Fiscal Year ended September 25, 
1992).

4.      Instruments Defining the Rights of 
Security Holders, Including Indentures.

4.1     Stockholders Rights Plan (incorporated 
by reference to the Company's Form 8A Report 
dated July 11, 1988), the First Amendment to the 
Stockholders Rights Plan (incorporated by 
reference to the Company's Form 8A Report dated 
May 2, 1989) and the Second Amendment to the 
Stockholders Rights Plan (incorporated by 
reference to the Company's Form 8A report dated 
February 15, 1990).

10.     Material Contracts.

10.1    1990 Stock Incentive Plan of the Company 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of 
the Company's Form 10-K Report for the Fiscal 
Year ended September 27, 1991).

10.2    Stock Option Plan for Outside Directors 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of 
the Company's Form 10-K Report for the Fiscal 
Year ended September 27, 1991).

10.3    Employment Agreement dated September 5, 
1991 between the Company and William G. 
Parzybok, Jr. (incorporated by reference to 
Exhibit 10.7 of the Company's Form 10-K Report 
for the Fiscal Year ended September 27, 1992).

10.4    Employment Agreement dated September 5, 
1991 between the Company and George M. Winn 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of 
the Company's Form 10-K Report for the Fiscal 
Year ended September 27, 1992).

10.5    Employment Agreement dated September 5, 
1991 between the Company and Ronald R. Wambolt 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 of 
the Company's Form 10-K Report for the Fiscal 
Year ended September 27, 1992).

10.6    Employment Agreement dated September 5, 
1991 between the Company and Richard W. Van Saun 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of 
the Company's Form 10-K Report for the Fiscal 
Year ended September 27, 1992).

10.7    Change of Control Agreement dated 
September 5, 1991 between the Company and John 
R. Smith. Other executive officers of the 
Company have identical Change Of Control 
Agreements with the Company (incorporated by 
reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company's Form 
10-K Report for the Fiscal Year ended April 30, 
1993).

10.8    Annual Variable Compensation Policy 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of 
the Company's Form 10-K Report for the Fiscal 
Year ended April 30, 1993).

10.9    Purchase Agreement between the Company 
and Philips Electronics N.V. dated February 26, 
1993 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 
of the Company's Form 10-K Report for the Fiscal 
Year ended April 30, 1993).

10.10   Stock Purchase Agreement between the 
Company and Philips Electronics N.V. dated May 
26, 1993 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 
10.19 of the Company's Form 10-K Report for the 
Fiscal Year ended April 30, 1993).

10.11   Fluke Corporation 1988 Stock Incentive 
Plan as amended on June 10, 1993 and approved by 
stockholders on September 29, 1993.

10.12   Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors 
of Fluke Corporation as amended on April 29, 
1994.

10.13   Fluke Corporation Supplemental 
Retirement Income Plan as amended on June 22, 
1994.

11.     Computation of Earnings Per Share.

13.     1994 Annual Report to Stockholders.

18.     Preferability letter from Ernst & Young, 
independent auditors, dated July 22, 1993 
regarding Change in Accounting Principle 
(incorporated by reference to Exhibit 18 of the 
Company's Form 10-K Report for the Fiscal Year 
ended April 30, 1993).

21      Subsidiaries.

23.1    Consent of Ernst & Young, independent 
auditors, dated July 28, 1994.




Item 14 (b)  Reports on Form 8-K.
No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the 
last quarter of the Company's Fiscal Year ended 
April 29, 1994.

Item 14 (c)  Exhibits:  See "Index to Exhibits" 
at Item 14(a)(3) above.

Item 14 (d)  Financial Statement Schedules:  
Schedules required to be filed in response to 
this portion of Item 14 are listed above in Item 
14 (a)(2).

<PAGE>
SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

FLUKE CORPORATION
(Registrant)

/s/ George M. Winn                           President
    George M. Winn             Chief Operating Officer             July 25, 1994

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this 
Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the 
Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.


Signature                                         Title                     Date
/s/ William G. Parzybok, Jr.      Chairman of the Board            July 25, 1994
    William G. Parzybok, Jr.    Chief Executive Officer
/s/ George M. Winn           President, Chief Operating            July 25, 1994
    George M. Winn                 Officer and Director
/s/ Barry L. Rowan                       Vice President            July 25, 1994
    Barry L. Rowan              Chief Financial Officer
/s/ John R. Smith             Vice President, Treasurer            July 25, 1994
    John R. Smith
/s/ J. Peter Bingham                           Director            July 25, 1994
    J. Peter Bingham
/s/ Philip M. Condit                           Director            July 25, 1994
    Philip M. Condit
/s/ John D. Durbin                             Director            July 25, 1994
    John D. Durbin
/s/ David L. Fluke                             Director            July 25, 1994
    David L. Fluke
/s/ John M. Fluke, Jr.                         Director            July 25, 1994
    John M. Fluke, Jr.
/s/ Robert S. Miller, Jr.                      Director            July 25, 1994
    Robert S. Miller, Jr.
/s/ Dr. David S. Potter                        Director            July 25, 1994
    Dr. David S. Potter
/s/ N. Stewart Rogers                          Director            July 25, 1994
    N. Stewart Rogers
/s/ Stephen C. Tumminello                      Director            July 25, 1994
    Stephen C. Tumminello
/s/ James E. Warjone                           Director            July 25, 1994
    James E. Warjone



<PAGE>
<TABLE>
Schedule V
                                        PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
Column A                              Column B        Column C        Column D        Column E        Column F
                                    Balance at                                                      Balance at
                                     Beginning                                           Other          End of
Classification                       of Period       Additions     Retirements         Changes          Period
<S>                                   <C>              <C>             <C>              <C>           <C>
Year ended September 27, 1991:
Land                                  $  5,622             ---             ---             ---        $  5,622
Buildings                               45,416         $ 1,162         $   274             ---          46,304
Machinery and Equipment                 75,686           9,249           6,345             ---          78,590
Construction in Progress                 5,935             538             ---             ---           6,473
                                      $132,659         $10,949         $ 6,619             ---        $136,989
Year ended September 25, 1992:
Land                                  $  5,622         $   499             ---             ---        $  6,121
Buildings                               46,304             218         $    21          $ (421)         46,080
Machinery and Equipment                 78,590          13,618           6,312             421          86,317
Construction in Progress                 6,473          (4,252)            ---             ---           2,221
                                      $136,989         $10,083         $ 6,333             ---        $140,739
Seven months ended April 30, 1993:
Land                                  $  6,121         $    60             ---             ---        $  6,181
Buildings                               46,080             374         $    20             ---          46,434
Machinery and Equipment                 86,317           5,631           4,080             ---          87,868
Construction in Progress                 2,221              96             ---             ---           2,317
                                      $140,739         $ 6,161         $ 4,100             ---        $142,800
Year ended April 29, 1994:
Land                                  $  6,181             ---             ---             ---        $  6,181
Buildings                               46,434         $   530         $   303             ---          46,661
Machinery and Equipment                 87,868          12,397          13,660          $6,801          93,406
Construction in Progress                 2,317             123             ---             ---           2,440
                                      $142,800         $13,050         $13,963          $6,801        $148,688
</TABLE>
Column E contains items reclassified from Buildings to Machinery and 
Equipment, and the Property, Plant and Equipment obtained in the acquisition 
of the Philips test and measurement business.

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
Schedule VI
                           ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION AND AMORTIZATION
                                       OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
Column A                              Column B         Column C       Column D        Column E        Column F
                                    Balance at       Charged to                                     Balance at
                                     Beginning        Costs and                          Other          End of
Classification                       of Period         Expenses    Retirements         Changes          Period
<S>                                    <C>              <C>            <C>                <C>          <C>
Year ended September 27, 1991:
Buildings                              $17,218          $ 1,902        $   136             ---         $18,984
Machinery and Equipment                 58,679            8,127          6,067             ---          60,739
                                       $75,897          $10,029        $ 6,203             ---         $79,723
Year ended September 25, 1992:
Buildings                              $18,984          $ 1,629        $    20           $(315)        $20,278
Machinery and Equipment                 60,739            9,268          5,971             315          64,351
                                       $79,723          $10,897        $ 5,991             ---         $84,629
Seven months ended April 30, 1993:
Buildings                              $20,278          $   944        $    15             ---         $21,207
Machinery and Equipment                 64,351            5,626          3,475             ---          66,502
                                       $84,629          $ 6,570        $ 3,490             ---         $87,709
Year ended April 29, 1994:
Buildings                              $21,207          $ 1,635        $   207           $(548)        $22,087
Machinery and Equipment                 66,502           12,851         13,576             548          66,325
                                       $87,709          $14,486        $13,783             ---         $88,412
</TABLE>

Column E contains items reclassified from Buildings to Machinery and 
Equipment.

The annual provision for depreciation has been computed in accordance with 
the following ranges of useful lives:
Buildings, including improvements       5 - 40 years
Machinery and Equipment                 3  - 8 years



<PAGE>
<TABLE>
Schedule VIII
                                   VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
Column A                                Column B             Column C<F1>        Column D           Column F
                                      Balance at            Additions                             Balance at
                                       Beginning           Charged to                                 End of
Classification                         of Period    Costs and Expense          Deductions <F2>        Period
<S>                                         <C>                  <C>                 <C>                <C>
Year ended September 27, 1991:
Allowance for Doubtful
  Accounts Receivable                       $437                 $236                $219               $454

Year ended September 25,  1992:
Allowance for Doubtful
  Accounts Receivable                       $454                 $228                $276               $406

Seven months ended April 30, 1993:
Allowance for Doubtful
  Accounts Receivable                       $406                 $121                $ 51               $476

Year ended April 29, 1994:
Allowance for Doubtful
  Accounts Receivable                       $476                 $440                $330               $586
<FN>
<F1> Column C(2) has been omitted because the answer would be none.
<F2> Write-off of uncollectible accounts receivable less recoveries.
</TABLE>



<PAGE>
<TABLE>
Schedule IX
                                              SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
Column A                              Column B           Column C            Column D           Column E           Column F
                                                                       Maximum Amount     Average Amount   Weighted Average
                                    Balance at                            Outstanding        Outstanding      Interest Rate
Category of Aggregate                      End   Weighted Average          During the         During the         During the
Short-Term Borrowing                 of Period      Interest Rate<F1>          Period             Period<F2>         Period<F3>
<S>                                       <C>                <C>               <C>                  <C>                <C>
Year ended
September 27, 1991:
Notes Payable to Banks                    $704                8.1%             $2,579               $402                8.1%

Year ended
September 25, 1992:
Notes Payable to Banks                    $781                5.5%             $1,720               $714                6.5%

Seven months ended
April 30, 1993:
Notes Payable to Banks                     ---                ---              $  887               $331                5.6%

Year ended
April 29, 1994:
Notes Payable to Banks                     ---                ---              $  935               $203                4.5%
<FN>
<F1> The weighted average interest rate (Column C) is the actual interest 
rate being paid at year-end on Column B.
<F2> The average amount outstanding during the period (Column E) was 
computed by dividing the total of the month-end outstanding principal 
balances including the beginning of the year balance by 13.
<F3> The weighted average interest rate during the period (Column F) was 
computed by dividing the actual interest expense by the actual short-term 
debt incurred during the period.
</TABLE>


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
Schedule X

            SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION CHARGED TO COSTS AND EXPENSES
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
Item                              Year Ended   Seven Months Ended           Year Ended            Year Ended
                              April 29, 1994       April 30, 1993   September 25, 1992    September 27, 1991
<S>                                  <C>                   <C>                 <C>                   <C>
Maintenance and repair               $ 4,963               $2,557              $ 4,869               $ 4,874

Depreciation and 
  amortization of
  intangible assets                  $17,071               $7,091              $11,460               $10,752

Taxes, other than
  payroll and income taxes           $ 1,798               $  681              $ 1,562               $ 1,433

Advertising costs                    $15,461               $6,521              $ 9,804               $ 9,129
</TABLE>
Specified items omitted from the above summary are less than 1 percent of 
revenues.

 


	





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3-1
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 3.1

RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF FLUKE CORPORATION


ARTICLE I
Name

The name of this Corporation shall be Fluke Corporation.


ARTICLE II
Purposes

The purposes of the Corporation shall be:

A.  To maximize the long-term growth of the value of the Corporation 
through the generation of profit on the capital invested and through the 
long-term growth of the capital base.  The Board of Directors, 
management and employees of the Corporation will continually work to 
fulfill this purpose by:  

  1.  Gaining and retaining customers through a commitment to quality 
products, service and support; 

  2.  Recognizing the necessity of earning an adequate profit that 
reasonably balances the risks and rewards of various business 
opportunities; 

  3.  Emphasizing that people are the most important asset of the 
Corporation and insuring that each employee will be provided with an 
equal opportunity for individual growth through training, advancement, 
recognition of achievement and involvement in the business process; 

  4.  Identifying and developing strategic business opportunities where 
the Corporation has the ability to contribute and be rewarded for the 
advancement of technology, manufacturing processes or marketing; 

  5.  Recognizing the necessity of corporate growth so that the 
Corporation has the ability to attract and retain superior personnel and 
provide employment and advancement opportunities; 

  6.  Developing and maintaining a corporate environment that encourages 
creativity, initiative, freedom of thought and fairness within the 
context of a superior management and organizational structure; 

  7.  Recognizing the need to conduct all business activities within the 
law and according to the highest ethical standards; and   

  8.  Committing to be actively involved as a responsible corporate 
citizen and as a defender and promoter of the free enterprise system.

B.  To transact any and all lawful business for which corporations may 
be organized under the Washington Business Corporation Act.


ARTICLE III
Duration

The duration of this Corporation shall be in perpetuity.


ARTICLE IV
Capital Stock

A.  The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the 
Corporation is authorized to issue is twenty-two million shares 
(22,000,000) of $.25 par value, divided into two classes, consisting of 
a class of twenty million (20,000,000) shares of Common Stock of $.25 
par value, and a class of two million (2,000,000) shares of Preferred 
Stock of $.25 par value.

B.  The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more 
series in any manner permitted by law and the provisions of the Articles 
of Incorporation of the Corporation, as determined from time to time by 
the Board of Directors and stated in the resolution or resolutions 
providing for the issuances thereof, prior to the issuances of any 
shares thereof.  The Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix 
and determine, subject to the provisions hereof, the rights and 
preferences of the shares of any series so established.  Unless 
otherwise provided in the resolution establishing a series of shares of 
Preferred Stock, prior to the issue of any shares of a series so 
established or to be established, the Board of Directors may, by 
resolution, amend the relative rights and preferences of the shares of 
such series, and, after the issue of shares of a series whose number has 
been designated by the Board of Directors, the resolution establishing 
the series may be amended by the Board of Directors to decrease (but not 
below the number of shares of such series then outstanding) the number 
of shares of that series.


ARTICLE V
Certain Repurchases of Shares

A.  For purposes of this Article V:

  1.  A "person" shall mean any individual, firm, corporation, 
partnership, association, joint stock company, trust, unincorporated 
organization, government or political subdivision thereof, or other 
entity.

  2.  "Interested Stockholder" shall mean any person (other than the 
Corporation or any Subsidiary) who or which:

    (a)  is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 5% or more 
of the voting power of the outstanding Common Stock; or

    (b)  at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the 
date in question was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 5% 
or more of the voting power of the then outstanding Common Stock; or

    (c)  is an assignee of, or has otherwise succeeded to, any shares of 
Common Stock which were at any time within the two-year period 
immediately prior to the date in question beneficially owned by an 
Interested Stockholder, if such assignment or succession shall have 
occurred in the course of a transaction or series of transactions not 
involving a public offering within the meaning of the Securities Act of 
1933.

  3.  A person shall be a "beneficial owner" of any Common Stock:

    (a)  which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates 
beneficially owns, directly or indirectly; or

    (b)  which such person or any of its Affiliates or Associates has 
(i) the right to acquire (whether such right is exercisable immediately 
or only after the passage of time), pursuant to any agreement, 
arrangement or understanding or upon the exercise of conversion rights, 
exchange rights, warrants or options, or otherwise, or (ii) the right to 
vote pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding; or

    (c)  which are beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by any 
other person with which such person or any of its Affiliates or 
Associates has any agreement, arrangement or understanding for the 
purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any shares of 
Common Stock.

The term "beneficially owned" shall have the meaning ascribed to such 
term in Rule 13d-3 of the General Rules and Regulations under the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as in 
effect on May 29, 1986.  For the purpose of determining the percentage 
of stock beneficially owned, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed 
to be outstanding shall include shares deemed owned through application 
of this paragraph 3, but shall not include any other shares of Common 
Stock which may be issuable pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or 
understanding, or upon exercise of conversion rights, warrants or 
options, or otherwise.

  4.  An "Affiliate" of a specified person is a person that directly, or 
indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, or is 
controlled by, or is under common control with, the person specified.

  5.  The term "Associate" used to indicate a relationship with any 
person means (a) any corporation or organization (other than the 
Corporation or a Subsidiary) of which such person is an officer or 
partner or is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of 10 
percent or more of any class of equity securities, (b) any trust or 
estate in which such person has a substantial beneficial interest or as 
to which such person serves as trustee or in a similar fiduciary 
capacity, and (c) any relative or spouse of such person, or any relative 
of such spouse, who has the same home as such person or who is a 
Director or officer of the Corporation or any of its parents or 
Subsidiaries.

  6.  "Subsidiary" means any corporation of which a majority of each 
class or series of equity security is owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the Corporation.

  7.  "Market price" means the average closing price for the ten trading 
days prior to the offering date of the Company's Common Stock as 
recorded on the principal United States securities exchange on which 
such Common Stock is listed or if such Common Stock is not listed on any 
such exchange, the average closing bid quotation for the ten trading 
days prior to the offering date of the National Association of 
Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated Quotations System or any other system 
of reporting or ascertaining quotations then in use.  The offering date 
shall be the date that a written offer to sell Common Stock is received 
by the Company from an Interested Stockholder.

B.  Any purchase by the Corporation, directly or indirectly, of shares 
of Common Stock from an Interested Stockholder (other than pursuant to 
an offer to the holders (other than Interested Stockholders) of all of 
the outstanding shares of Common Stock and to such Interested 
Stockholders, if any, as the Board of Directors may include in such 
offer) at a price per share in excess of the Market Price at the time of 
such purchase must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of 
two-thirds of the voting power of the shares of Common Stock entitled to 
be counted under this Article V.  All outstanding shares of Common Stock 
shall be entitled to be counted under this Article, except shares owned 
by or voted under the control of any Interested Stockholder whose shares 
are proposed to be purchased shall not be counted to determine whether 
stockholders have approved a purchase for purposes of this Article.  The 
vote of shares owned by or voted under the control of an Interested 
Stockholder whose shares are proposed to be purchased shall be counted 
in determining whether a transaction is approved under the Washington 
Business Corporation Act and other Articles hereof (except to the extent 
limited therein) and for purposes of determining a quorum.


ARTICLE VI
Certain Business Transactions

A.  1.  From and after the time that the Corporation is made aware of 
the existence of a Substantial Stockholder (as hereinafter defined) and 
so long as there continues to be a Substantial Stockholder, in addition 
to any affirmative vote required by law or these Articles of 
Incorporation, and except as otherwise expressly provided in paragraph B 
of this Article VI:

    (a)  any merger or consolidation of the Corporation or any 
Subsidiary (as hereinafter defined) or any exchange of shares of the 
Corporation or any Subsidiary pursuant to a plan of exchange;

    (b)  any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other 
disposition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) to or with 
the Corporation or any Subsidiary of any assets, securities or 
commitments of any person having an aggregate Fair Market Value (as 
hereinafter defined) of Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) or more;

    (c)  any reclassification of securities (including any combination 
of shares or reverse stock split), or recapitalization or reorganization 
of the Corporation, or any merger or consolidation of the Corporation 
with any of its Subsidiaries;

    (d)  any sale, lease, exchange, mortgage, pledge, transfer or other 
disposition of, or any security arrangement, investment, loan, advance, 
guarantee, agreement to purchase, agreement to pay, extension of credit, 
joint-venture participation or other arrangement involving any assets, 
securities or commitments of the Corporation or any Subsidiary, or any 
issuance, transfer or sale of any securities of the Corporation or any 
Subsidiary, or any combination of the foregoing (whether in one 
transaction or a series of transactions), having an aggregate Fair 
Market Value of, and/or involving an aggregate amount of, Ten Million 
Dollars ($10,000,000) or more, and/or constituting substantially all, or 
an integral part of, the assets or business of a line of business of the 
Corporation or any Subsidiary, and/or involving aggregate commitments of 
Ten Million Dollars ($10,000,000) or more;

    (e)  the adoption of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or 
dissolution (or revocation thereof) of the Corporation, including any 
plan or proposal for shortening the duration of the Corporation; or 

    (f)  any agreement, contract or other arrangement providing for any 
one or more of the actions specified in the foregoing clauses (a) to 
(e);

shall require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least eighty 
percent (80%) of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Common 
Stock, in addition to any other vote required for such action by law or 
the provisions of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation. 
 Such affirmative vote shall be required notwithstanding the fact that 
no vote may be required, or that a lesser percentage may be specified, 
by law or in any agreement with any national securities exchange or 
otherwise.

  2.  The term "Business Transaction" used in this Article VI shall mean 
any transaction which is referred to in any one or more of clauses (a) 
through (f) of paragraph A.1 of this Article VI.

  3.  This paragraph A of this Article VI shall not apply with respect 
to purchases and/or sales of goods, services and products, made in the 
ordinary course of the Corporation's business, consistent with its past 
practice.

B.  The provisions of paragraph A of this Article VI shall not be 
applicable to any Business Transaction, and such Business Transaction 
shall require only such affirmative vote as is required by law or any 
other provision of these Articles of Incorporation, if the Business 
Transaction shall have been approved by a majority of the Continuing 
Directors (as hereinafter defined), voting separately and as a subclass 
of directors.

C.  For the purposes of this Article VI:

  1.  "Continuing Director" means any member of the Board of Directors 
who was a member of the Board of Directors on May 29, 1986 or who is 
elected to the Board of Directors after May 29, 1986 upon the 
recommendation of a majority of the Continuing Directors, voting 
separately and as a subclass of Directors on such recommendation.

  2.  "Fair Market Value" means: (a) in the case of stock, the highest 
closing sale price during the thirty-day period immediately preceding 
the date in question of a share of such stock on the principal United 
States securities exchange registered under the Exchange Act on which 
such stock is listed, or, if such stock is not listed on any such 
exchange, the highest closing bid quotation with respect to a share of 
such stock during the thirty-day period preceding the date in question 
on the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. Automated 
Quotations System or any system then in use or if no such quotations are 
available, the fair market value on the date in question of a share of 
such stock as determined in good faith by majority vote of the 
Continuing Directors; and (b) in the case of property other than cash or 
stock, the fair market value of such property on the date in question as 
determined in good faith by majority vote of the Continuing Directors.

  3.  "Substantial Stockholder" at any particular time means any person 
(other than the Corporation or any Subsidiary), who or which:

    (a)  is at such time the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, 
of shares of the Corporation having ten percent (10%) or more of the 
votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of 
Common Stock;

    (b)  at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to 
such time was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of shares of 
the Corporation having ten percent (10%) or more of the votes entitled 
to be cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of Common Stock; or

    (c)  is at such time an assignee of or has otherwise succeeded to 
the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock which were at any 
time within the two-year period immediately prior to such time 
beneficially owned by any Substantial Stockholder, if such assignment or 
succession shall have occurred in the course of a transaction or series 
of transactions not involving a public offering within the meaning of 
the Securities Act of 1933;

provided, however, that "Substantial Stockholder" shall not mean any 
person who or which, as of May 29, 1986, met any of the conditions set 
forth in clauses (a), (b) or (c).

  4.  "Subsidiary" means any corporation of which a majority of any 
class or series of equity security is owned, directly or indirectly, by 
the Corporation; provided, however, that for the purposes of the 
definition of Substantial Shareholder set forth in paragraph C. 3 of 
this Article VI, the term "Subsidiary" shall mean only a corporation of 
which a majority of each class or series of equity security is owned, 
directly or indirectly, by the Corporation.

  5.  The terms "Affiliate," "Associate," "beneficially owned," 
"beneficial owner" and "person" shall have the respective definitions 
given to them in Article V of these Articles of Incorporation, which 
definitions are hereby incorporated by reference into this Article VI.

D.  For the purposes of this Article VI, the Continuing Directors shall 
have the power and duty to determine, by majority vote, on the basis of 
information known to them after reasonable inquiry, whether any 
transaction specified in paragraphs A.1(b) and A.1(d) meets the monetary 
tests set forth herein.

E.  The provisions of this Article VI shall not be construed to impose 
any fiduciary duty, obligation or responsibility on the Board of 
Directors, or any member thereof, to approve such Business Transaction 
or recommend its adoption or approval to the stockholders, nor shall any 
provision of this Article VI be construed as limiting, prohibiting or 
otherwise restricting in any manner the Board of Directors, or any 
member thereof, with respect to evaluations of or actions and responses 
taken with respect to such Business Transaction.

F.  No action taken by, or omission of, a Continuing Director in the 
exercise (or nonexercise) of the authority and discharge of the 
responsibilities conferred or imposed upon Continuing Directors by this 
Article VI shall be deemed to be, or involve, a breach of the fiduciary 
duty of such Continuing Director to the stockholders of the Corporation 
unless it can be demonstrated by the person asserting such breach that 
the Continuing Director acted (or failed to act) in bad faith and in a 
manner inconsistent with the provisions and spirit of this Article VI.

G.  All reasonable expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys' 
fees and disbursements) incurred by the Continuing Directors in the 
exercise of this authority and discharge of the responsibilities, 
conferred or imposed upon them by this Article VI (or incurred by reason 
or as a consequence of the exercise of such authority or the discharge 
of such responsibilities, including, without limitation, all attorneys' 
fees and disbursements incurred in asserting or defending any claim 
arising out of such exercise) shall be paid by the Corporation.  The 
provisions of this paragraph G of this Article VI shall be deemed to be 
a contract between the Corporation and the Continuing Directors, and it 
shall be the duty of the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation to 
make prompt payment thereof on the written request of a majority of the 
Continuing Directors, accompanied by appropriate vouchers and invoices. 
 The rights conferred upon the Continuing Directors, and the obligations 
imposed upon the Corporation, by this paragraph G of this Article VI 
shall be in addition to the rights of the Continuing Directors, as 
directors, to indemnification under the Bylaws of the Corporation; 
provided, however, that the Corporation shall not, by reason of this 
sentence, be obliged to make duplicate payments of any item of expense 
incurred by a Continuing Director.


ARTICLE VII
Directors

A.  The original number of Directors of the Corporation shall be three 
and thereafter the number of Directors shall be fixed by the Bylaws.  
When the Board of Directors shall consist of nine or more members, the 
Directors shall be divided into three classes, each class to be as 
nearly equal in number as possible, the term of office of Directors of 
the first class to expire at the first annual meeting of stockholders 
after their election, that of the second class to expire at the second 
annual meeting after their election, and that of the third class to 
expire at the third annual meeting after their election.  At each annual 
meeting after such classification, the number of Directors equal to the 
number of the class whose term expires at the time of such meeting shall 
be elected to hold office until the third succeeding annual meeting.

B.  Any Director or the entire Board of Directors (to the extent elected 
by the holders of Common Stock) may be removed from office only for 
cause and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of eighty percent 
(80%) of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.

C.  In evaluating an offer by another party to make a tender offer or 
exchange offer for securities of the Corporation, or to effect a merger 
or consolidation involving the Corporation, or to acquire all or 
substantially all the assets of the Corporation, or otherwise to acquire 
control of the Corporation, the Board of Directors, in considering the 
best interests of the Corporation, may consider the extent to which any 
such offer furthers the purposes of the Corporation as stated herein and 
may consider the social, legal, economic or other effects of any such 
offer upon employees, customers, suppliers and other constituencies of 
the Corporation, communities in which the Corporation is located or 
operates, and all other relevant factors.

D.  Advance notice of nominations for the election of directors, other 
than nominations by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof, and 
advance notice of business to be conducted at any annual meeting of 
stockholders, other than business proposed by the Board of Directors or 
a committee thereof, shall be given within the time and in the manner 
provided in the Bylaws.


ARTICLE VIII
No Preemptive Rights

No holder of any share of the capital stock of any class of the 
Corporation shall have any preemptive or preferential right of 
subscription to any class of stock of the Corporation, whether now or 
hereafter authorized, or to any obligations converted into capital stock 
of the Corporation, which may be issued or sold, nor any right of 
subscription other than such, if any, as the Board of Directors in its 
discretion may from time to time determine and at such price as the 
Board of Directors from time to time may fix.


ARTICLE IX
Special Meetings of Stockholders

Special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation may be called 
only by the Board of Directors or by a committee of the Board of 
Directors.


ARTICLE X
Actions Relating to the Bylaws

The Bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, altered, amended or 
repealed or new Bylaws enacted only: (A) upon receiving the affirmative 
vote of a majority of the entire Board of Directors and of a majority of 
the Continuing Directors (as defined in Article VI), voting separately 
and as a subclass of directors; or (B) at any annual meeting of the 
stockholders, if notice thereof is contained in the notice of such 
meeting, (or at any special meeting thereof duly called for that 
purpose) by the affirmative vote of the holders of eighty percent (80%) 
of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, in 
addition to any other vote required for such action by law or the 
provisions of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation.


ARTICLE XI
Limitation on Director Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by Washington law as now or hereafter in 
effect, a Director of this Corporation shall not be liable to this 
Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for his or her 
conduct as a Director.  Any amendment to or repeal of this Article XI 
shall not adversely affect any right of a Director of this Corporation 
hereunder with respect to any acts or omissions of such Director 
occurring prior to such amendment or repeal.


ARTICLE XII
Indemnification of Directors

To the fullest extent permitted by Washington law as now or hereafter in 
effect, this Corporation is authorized to indemnify any Director of this 
Corporation.  The Board of Directors shall be entitled to determine the 
terms of such indemnification, including advance of expenses, and to 
give effect thereto through the adoption of Bylaws, approval of 
agreements, or by any other manner approved by the Board of Directors.  
Any amendment to or repeal of this Article XII shall not adversely 
affect any right of a Director of this Corporation hereunder with 
respect to any right to indemnification that arises prior to such 
amendment or repeal.


ARTICLE XIII
Certain Amendments to These Articles

Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles of Incorporation 
or the Bylaws of the Corporation (and notwithstanding the fact that a 
lesser percentage may be specified by law, these Articles of 
Incorporation or such Bylaws), any proposal to amend or repeal, or 
directly or indirectly to adopt any provisions inconsistent with, 
Article V, Article VI, Article VII, Article IX, Article X, or this 
Article XI shall require either: (A) the approval of a majority of the 
entire Board of Directors, and the approval of a majority of the 
Continuing Directors (as defined in Article VI), voting separately and 
as a subclass of Directors, and the affirmative vote at a duly called 
meeting of stockholders of the holders of at least sixty-six and two-
thirds percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of the outstanding shares 
of Common Stock, or (B) the affirmative vote at a duly called meeting of 
stockholders of the holders of at least eighty percent (80%) of the 
voting power of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, in either case 
in addition to any other vote required for such action by law or the 
provisions of any other class or series of stock of the Corporation.


Restated as of August 11, 1993
 



 

 







</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10-11
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 10.11

FLUKE CORPORATION
1988 STOCK INCENTIVE PLAN


Section 1
Purpose

1.1  The purpose of The Fluke Corporation 1988 Stock Incentive Plan 
(Plan) is to promote the interests of Fluke Corporation (Company) and 
its stockholders by strengthening its ability to attract and retain 
officers, employees, and other persons providing significant services to 
the Company and its subsidiaries by furnishing suitable recognition of 
their ability and industry to contribute materially to the success of 
the Company.  The Plan provides for the grant of stock options, 
restricted stock grants, and/or stock appreciation rights in accordance 
with the terms and conditions set forth below.  


Section 2
Definitions

2.1  Unless otherwise required by the context, the following terms when 
used in the Plan shall have the meanings set forth in this section 2.1:

    (a)  Board:  The Board of Directors of the Company.  

    (b)  Change of Control:  As used in this Plan, a Change of Control 
shall be deemed to occur (i) upon the date the Company is informed by 
receiving a report on Schedule 13D of the Exchange Act or similar report 
that any person (as such term is used in sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of 
the Exchange Act), together with such person's Affiliates and Associates 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, is or has become the 
"beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 of the Exchange Act; 
provided, that a person shall not be deemed to beneficially own 
securities acquired pursuant to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan of the 
Company or other plans generally applicable to employees, officers or 
Directors of the Company), directly or indirectly, of securities of the 
Company representing 25 percent or more of the combined voting power of 
the Company's then outstanding securities, except that there will not be 
a Change of Control as the result of an acquisition of securities by the 
Company, which by reducing the number of shares outstanding, increases 
the proportionate number of shares beneficially owned by any person to 
25 percent or more of the securities of the Company then outstanding; 
provided, however, that if a person becomes the beneficial owner of 25 
percent or more of the securities of the Company then outstanding by 
reason of share purchases by the Company and shall, after such share 
purchases by the Company, become the beneficial owner of any additional 
securities of the Company, then a Change of Control will occur unless 
such person disposes of such additional securities of the Company within 
ten days, (ii) upon the first purchase of the Company's Common Stock 
pursuant to a tender or exchange offer (other than a tender or exchange 
offer made by the Company) seeking to acquire securities representing 25 
percent or more of the combined voting power of the Company's then 
outstanding securities, or (iii) upon the first date on which Continuing 
Directors, as defined in Article VI of the Company's Articles of 
Incorporation, cease for any reason to constitute at least a majority of 
the Board of Directors.

    (c)  Code:  The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended and in 
effect from time to time, and the temporary or final regulations of the 
Secretary of the Treasury adopted pursuant to the Code.  

    (d)  Committee:  The Compensation Committee of the Board of 
Directors. 

    (e)  Common Stock:  The Common Stock of the Company, $.25 par value.

    (f)  Exchange Act:  The Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

    (g)  Fair Market Value:  As applied to a specific date, Fair Market 
Value shall be deemed to be the mean between the highest and lowest 
quoted selling prices at which the Company's Common Stock was sold on 
such date as reported in the Amex Composite Transactions by The Wall 
Street Journal on such date or such other report as the Committee may 
select, or if no Company Common Stock was traded on such date, on the 
next preceding day on which the Company Common Stock was so traded.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the exercise, during the thirty-day 
period following a Change of Control, of a stock appreciation right 
which is granted in connection with a nonqualified option, Fair Market 
Value on the date of exercise shall be deemed to be the greater of (i) 
the highest price per share of the Company Common Stock as reported in 
the Amex Composite Transactions by The Wall Street Journal or such other 
report as the Committee may select during the sixty-day period ending on 
the day preceding the date of exercise of the stock appreciation right, 
or (ii) if the Change of Control is one described in Clause (ii) of 
section 2.1(b) or a transaction described in Section 5.2(b), the highest 
price per share paid for the Company's Common Stock in connection with 
such Change of Control.

    (h)  Incentive Stock Option:  An Option which meets the requirements 
of an Incentive Stock Option as defined in Section 422A of the Code, as 
in effect at the time of grant of such option, or any statutory 
provision that may hereafter replace such section.  

    (i)  Option Price:  The price per share of Common Stock at which an 
option is exercisable.

    (j   Participant:  An individual who is selected by the Committee to 
participate in the Plan pursuant to Section 4.

    (k)  Permanent Disability:  A Participant shall be deemed to have 
become permanently disabled for purposes of this Plan if the Committee 
shall find upon the basis of medical evidence satisfactory to it that 
the Participant is totally disabled, whether due to physical or mental 
condition, so as to be prevented from engaging in further comparable 
employment by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and that such 
disability will be permanent and continuous during the remainder of his 
life.

    (l)  Nonqualified Option:  Options which do not meet the 
requirements of an Incentive Stock Option as defined in Section 422A of 
the Code.  

    (m)  Subsidiary:  An entity that is designated by the Committee as a 
subsidiary for purposes of this Plan and that is a corporation (or other 
form of business association that is treated as a corporation for tax 
purposes) of which shares (or other ownership interests) having more 
than 50 percent of the voting power are owned or controlled, directly or 
indirectly, by the Company so as to qualify as a "subsidiary 
corporation" (within the meaning of Code Section 425(f)).


Section 3
Administration

3.1  The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation Committee of the 
Board.  No person shall serve as a member of the Committee unless at the 
time of his appointment and service he shall be a "disinterested 
person," as defined in Rule 16b-3 of the General Rules and Regulations 
under the Exchange Act or any successor Act then in effect.

3.2  The Committee shall have full authority to construe and interpret 
the Plan, to establish, amend and rescind rules and regulations relating 
to the Plan, to select persons eligible to participate in the Plan, to 
grant options, restricted stock and/or stock appreciation rights 
thereunder, to administer the Plan, to make recommendations to the 
Board, to take all such steps and make all such determinations in 
connection with the Plan and the options, restricted stock, and/or stock 
appreciation rights granted thereunder as it may deem necessary or 
advisable, which determination shall be final and binding upon all 
Participants.


Section 4
Eligibility

4.1  To be eligible for selection by the Committee to participate in the 
Plan, an individual must be an officer, employee or other person 
providing significant services to the Company, or of any Subsidiary, as 
of the date on which the Committee grants to such individual an option, 
restricted stock or stock appreciation right, and who in the judgment of 
the Committee holds a position of responsibility and is able to 
contribute substantially to the Company's continued success, provided 
that non-employee Directors are not eligible under the terms of this 
Plan.  Each chosen individual to whom a stock option, restricted stock 
grant or stock appreciation right is granted is hereinafter referred to 
as a "Participant."


Section 5
Shares Available and Certain Adjustments 

5.1  Subject to section 5.2(a) hereof, the maximum number of shares for 
which stock options, restricted stock grants and stock appreciation 
rights may at any time be granted under the Plan is 1,500,000 shares of 
Common Stock, from shares repurchased by the Company or out of the 
authorized but unissued shares of the Company, or partly out of each, as 
shall be determined by the Board of Directors.  Upon the expiration, 
cancellation or termination in whole or in part of (a) unexercised 
options, (b) restricted stock grants reverting to the Company, (c) 
shares of Common Stock covered by an option, or portion thereof, which 
are surrendered upon exercise of a stock appreciation right, and (d) 
unexercised stock appreciation rights, shares of Common Stock which were 
subject thereto shall again be available under the Plan.  

5.2
    (a)  In the event of any change in the Common Stock through 
reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend of 10 
percent or greater, stock split, amendment to the Articles of 
Incorporation of the Company, or reverse stock split, the Board shall 
make an appropriate and proportionate adjustment in the number of shares 
of Common Stock subject to an option, without any change in the 
aggregate purchase price of the shares subject to an option, but with 
corresponding adjustment to the exercise price per share and in the 
number of shares covered by outstanding stock appreciation rights.

    (b)  Upon the effective date of a merger, consolidation or plan of 
exchange (other than a merger, consolidation or plan of exchange 
involving the Company in which the holders of voting securities of the 
Company immediately prior to such transaction own at least 50 percent of 
the voting power of the outstanding securities of the surviving 
corporation or a parent of the surviving corporation after such 
transaction), or a sale of all or substantially all the assets of the 
Company, or a liquidation or dissolution of the Company, the Plan and 
any option and stock appreciation right ("SAR") theretofore granted 
hereunder shall terminate, unless provisions be made in writing in 
connection with such transaction for the continuance of the Plan and for 
the assumption of options and SARs theretofore granted, or the 
substitution for such options and SARs of new options and new SARs 
covering the shares of a successor corporation, or a parent, affiliate 
or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to number and 
kind of shares and prices thereof, in which event the Plan and the 
options and SARs granted under it, or the new options and new SARs 
substituted therefor, shall continue in the manner and under the terms 
so provided.  

    (c)  If provision is not made pursuant to the preceding section 
5.2(b) in connection with such a transaction for the continuance of the 
Plan and for the assumption of options and SARs, or the substitution for 
such options and SARs of new options and new SARs covering the shares of 
a successor employer corporation or a parent, affiliate or subsidiary 
thereof, then each Participant under the Plan shall be entitled, prior 
to the effective date of any such transaction, to purchase the full 
number of shares under the option which the Participant otherwise would 
have been entitled to purchase during the remaining term of such option, 
and to exercise any SAR for the full number of shares under the SAR to 
which the Participant otherwise would have been entitled to acquire upon 
such exercise during the remaining term of such SAR, without regard to 
any limitation on exercise which may be contained therein.  

    (d)  Upon the occurrence of a Change of Control (unless the Board 
shall consist of a majority of Continuing Directors, as defined in 
Article VI of the Company's Articles of Incorporation, and the Board 
shall determine otherwise by notice to Participants prior to or within 
thirty days after such Change of Control), all outstanding options and 
SARs shall become immediately exercisable in full for the remainder of 
their terms, and the transferability restrictions on all outstanding 
restricted stock grants shall automatically lapse.

Adjustments under this section shall be made by the Board, whose 
determination as to what adjustments shall be made, and the extent 
thereof, shall be final, binding and conclusive.  No fractional share of 
Common Stock shall be issued under the Plan or any such adjustment.


Section 6
Grant of Options

6.1  Options may be granted in such number and at such times during the 
term of this Plan as the Committee shall determine, taking into account 
the duties of the respective individuals, their present and potential 
contributions to the success of the Company and such other factors as 
the Committee shall deem relevant in accomplishing the purposes of the 
Plan.  The granting of an option shall take place when the Committee by 
resolution, written consent or other appropriate action determines to 
grant such an option to a particular Participant at a particular price. 
Each option shall be evidenced by a written instrument delivered by or 
on behalf of the Company containing provisions not inconsistent with the 
Plan and such other or additional terms as the Committee may approve. 

6.2  An option granted under the Plan may be either an Incentive Stock 
Option or a Nonqualified Option, as designated by the Committee and as 
indicated in the option agreement.


Section 7
Terms and Conditions of Options

7.1  Each provision of the Plan and each Incentive Stock Option granted 
hereunder shall be construed so that such option shall qualify as an 
Incentive Stock Option, and any provision thereof that cannot be so 
construed shall be disregarded.  Incentive Stock Options, in addition to 
complying with the other provisions of the Plan relating to options 
generally, shall be subject to the following conditions:

    (a)  Only officers and other employees of the Company, or of any 
Subsidiary are eligible to be granted Incentive Stock Options.

    (b)  Except as provided in paragraph (c), the option price of the 
Incentive Stock Options shall be 100 percent of the Fair Market Value of 
the stock on the date of grant.

    (c)  An officer or other employee must not, at the time an Incentive 
Stock Option is granted, own stock representing more than 10 percent of 
the voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or of a 
Subsidiary.  This requirement is deemed waived if (i) the Option Price 
of the Incentive Stock Option to be granted is at least 110 percent of 
the Fair Market Value of the stock subject to the option, determined at 
the time the option is granted, and (ii) the option is not exercisable 
more than five years from the date the option is granted.  

    (d)  The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined at the time of the 
grant of the option) of the stock with respect to which Incentive Stock 
Options are exercisable for the first time by an officer or other 
employee during any calendar year may not exceed $100,000.  

    (e)  Any other terms and conditions will be added which the 
Committee determines, upon advice of counsel, must be imposed for the 
option to be an Incentive Stock Option.  

7.2  Except as otherwise provided in section 7.1, all Incentive Stock 
Options and Nonqualified Options under the Plan shall be granted subject 
to the following terms and conditions:

    (a)  The option price per share shall be determined by the Committee 
at the time of grant.  The option price may be more or less than or 
equal to the fair market value of the shares covered by the option on 
the date the option is granted, and the option price may fluctuate based 
on criteria determined by the Committee, provided that in no event shall 
the exercise price be less than 50 percent of the fair market value of 
the shares on the date of grant.

    (b)  Options shall be exercisable at such time and under such 
conditions as set forth in the option grant, but in no event shall any 
Incentive Stock Option be exercisable later than the 10th anniversary of 
the date of its grant and unless otherwise expressly provided therein, 
no option shall extend for more than ten years.

    (c)  Shares of Common Stock covered by an option may be purchased at 
one time or in such installments over the balance of the option period 
as may be provided in the option grant.  Any shares not purchased on the 
applicable installment date may be purchased at one time or in such 
installments over the balance of the option period as may be provided in 
the option grant.  Any shares not purchased on the applicable 
installment date may be purchased thereafter at any time prior to the 
final expiration of the option.  To the extent that the right to 
purchase shares has accrued thereunder, options may be exercised from 
time to time by written notice to the Corporate Secretary of the Company 
stating the number of shares with respect to which the option is being 
exercised.  

    (d)  The purchase price of shares purchased under options shall be 
paid in full to the Company upon the exercise of the option either (i) 
in cash or check, or (ii) at the discretion of the Committee, by 
delivery at Fair Market Value, of Common Stock already owned by the 
Participant, or any combination of cash and Common Stock.  The Fair 
Market Value of such Common Stock as delivered shall be valued as of the 
day prior to delivery.  A Participant shall have none of the rights of a 
stockholder until the shares of Common Stock are issued to him.

    (e)  The Committee shall determine, with respect to each option, the 
nature and extent of the restrictions, if any, to be imposed on the 
shares of Common Stock which may be purchased thereunder including, but 
not limited to, restrictions on the transferability of such shares 
acquired through the exercise of such options for such periods as the 
Committee may determine and, further, that in the event a Participant's 
employment by the Company, or a Subsidiary, terminates during the period 
in which such shares are nontransferable, the Participant shall be 
required to sell such shares back to the Company at such prices as the 
Committee may specify in the option.

    (f)  During a Participant's lifetime, the option may be exercisable 
only by him and options shall not be transferable, other than by will or 
the laws of descent and distribution.  In the event of death of a 
Participant, the option may be exercisable only by the Participant's 
legal representative or beneficiaries, as provided in section 7.2(j).

    (g)  Upon the termination of a Participant's service for any reason 
other than retirement, Permanent Disability or death, any option held by 
such Participant shall be exercisable only to the extent that it was 
then exercisable (unless the Committee shall determine in a particular 
case that specific limitations and restrictions of the option shall not 
apply), and such option shall expire, unless it sooner expires under 
Section 7.2(b) or its terms, three (3) months after termination of 
service, unless extended by special action of the Committee.  Leaves of 
absence for such periods and purposes conforming to the personnel policy 
of the Company, or of its Subsidiaries as applicable, shall not be 
deemed terminations or interruptions of employment.  In case of an 
Incentive Stock Option, a leave of absence of no more than ninety (90) 
days (or, if longer, where a Participant's right to reinstatement by the 
Company is guaranteed by statute or by contract) approved in writing by 
the Board of Directors shall not be deemed a termination of a 
Participant's employment with or contract to provide services to the 
Company.

    (h)  Upon the termination of a Participant's service due to 
retirement, any option held by such Participant shall become exercisable 
in full (unless the Committee shall determine otherwise), and such 
option shall expire, unless it sooner expires under Section 7.2(b) or 
its terms, twelve (12) months after such Participant's retirement from 
the Company or any Subsidiary (three (3) months if the option is an 
Incentive Stock Option).

    (i)  Upon the termination of a Participant's service due to 
Permanent Disability, any option held by such Participant shall become 
exercisable in full (unless the Committee shall determine otherwise), 
and such option shall expire, unless it sooner expires under Section 
7.2(b) or its terms, twelve (12) months after such termination of 
service.

    (j)  Upon the death of a Participant, whether during his period of 
service or during the twelve-month period or the three-month period, as 
the case may be, referred to in section 7.2(h) or 7.2(i), any option 
held by such Participant shall become exercisable in full (unless the 
Committee shall determine otherwise), and such option shall expire, 
unless it sooner expires under Section 7.2(b) or its terms, twelve 
months after the date of his death.


Section 8
Stock Appreciation Rights

8.1  The Committee may grant stock appreciation rights to any 
Participant in connection with any options granted under the Plan, 
either at the time of the grant of such option or at any time thereafter 
during the term of the option.  Such stock appreciation rights shall 
cover the same shares covered by the options (or such lesser number of 
shares of Common Stock as the Committee may determine) and shall, except 
as provided in section 8.3 hereof, be subject to the same terms and 
conditions as the related options including without limitation Section 
5.2 of this Plan, and such further terms and conditions not inconsistent 
with the Plan as shall from time to time be determined by the Committee.

8.2  Each stock appreciation right shall entitle the holder of the 
related option to surrender to the Company unexercised the related 
option, or any portion thereof, and to receive from the Company in 
exchange therefor an amount equal to the excess of the Fair Market Value 
of one share of Common Stock on the date the right is exercised over the 
Option Price per share times the number of shares covered by the option, 
or portion thereof, which is surrendered.  Payment shall be made in 
shares of Common Stock valued at Fair Market Value as of the date the 
right is exercised rounded up to next full share.  Stock appreciation 
rights may be exercised from time to time upon actual receipt by the 
Company of written notice stating the number of shares of Common Stock 
with respect to which the stock appreciation right is being exercised.


8.3
    (a)  The right of a Participant to exercise a stock appreciation 
right shall be cancelled if and to the extent the related option is 
exercised.  To the extent that a stock appreciation right is exercised, 
the related option shall be deemed to have been surrendered, 
unexercised.

    (b)  A holder of stock appreciation rights shall have none of the 
rights of a stockholder until shares of Common Stock are issued to him 
pursuant to his exercise of such rights.


Section 9
Restricted Stock Grants

9.1  The Committee may make grants of restricted stock in such number 
and at such times as the Committee shall determine.  The Committee may 
make restricted stock grants to any Participant.  The restricted stock 
grants shall take place when the Committee by resolution, written 
consent or other appropriate action, establishes a restricted stock 
grant date, the Participants who will receive such grants, and the 
number of granted shares for each Participant.

9.2  Stock certificates representing the number of restricted shares 
granted to each Participant shall be issued as soon as practical after 
the date of grant and delivered to each Participant, and each 
Participant, by accepting delivery of the shares, agrees to be bound by 
the terms of the grant as determined by the Committee.  Such shares 
shall bear a legend restricting transferability in accordance with the 
terms of the grant.  After the date of grant, any stock splits or stock 
dividends paid on the shares would be granted subject to the same 
transferability restrictions as the underlying shares upon which they 
were paid.  Shares subject to restrictions under the Plan may not be 
sold, given, assigned, pledged, levied upon, nor may the shares or any 
interest in the shares be transferred in any fashion.  Any attempt to so 
transfer the shares or any interest shall be void, and shall subject the 
shares to return to the Company.

9.3  Restrictions on the shares will lapse over a period of time or in 
compliance with the conditions as established by the Committee or 
pursuant to any waiver of conditions by the Committee.  The Committee 
shall establish a procedure for the removal of the legend from 
certificates representing shares no longer subject to the restrictions.

9.4  Restrictions shall automatically lapse upon the retirement, death, 
or Permanent Disability of a Participant.

9.5  If a Participant's service with the Company or any of its 
subsidiaries is terminated for any reason (other than retirement, death 
or Permanent Disability), any shares still subject to the restrictions 
must be returned to the Company unless the Committee expressly waives 
the return provision for such Participant.  A leave of absence approved 
in writing by the Committee shall not constitute a termination of 
service.  Cash paid in lieu of fractional shares and cash dividends paid 
upon shares granted under this Plan shall not be subject to any 
transferability restrictions or reversion to the Company.


Section 10
Regulatory Approvals and Listing

10.1  The Committee shall have the right to require that each 
Participant or other person who shall exercise an option, receive a 
restricted stock grant, or exercise a stock appreciation right under the 
Plan, and each person into whose name shares of Common Stock shall be 
issued pursuant to the exercise of an option, restricted stock grant or 
stock appreciation right represent and agree that any and all shares of 
Common Stock purchased pursuant to this Plan are being purchased for 
investment and not with a view to the distribution or resale thereof and 
that such shares will not be sold except in accordance with such 
restrictions or limitations as may be set forth in the option.  This 
section 10.1 shall be inoperative during any period of time when the 
Company has obtained all necessary or advisable approvals from 
governmental agencies and has completed all necessary or advisable 
registrations or other qualifications of shares of Common Stock as to 
which options may from time to time be granted as contemplated in 
section 10.2 hereof.

10.2  No shares shall be issued and delivered upon exercise of any 
option or stock appreciation right unless and until, in the opinion of 
counsel for the Company, any applicable registration requirements of the 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, any applicable listing requirements 
of any national securities exchange on which stock of the same class is 
then listed, and any other requirements of law or of any regulatory 
bodies having jurisdiction over such issuance and delivery, shall have 
been fully complied with.


Section 11
Term of Plan

11.1  This Plan shall be void unless it is approved by the stockholders 
of the Company within twelve months before or after the date the Plan is 
adopted by the Board of Directors.  Subject to the foregoing condition, 
options, restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights may be 
granted pursuant to the Plan from time to time within the period 
commencing with and ending ten years after the earlier of the adoption 
of the Plan by the Board of Directors or the approval of the Plan by the 
stockholders.  Options and stock appreciation rights theretofore granted 
may extend beyond that date and the terms and conditions of the Plan 
shall continue to apply thereto and to shares of Common Stock acquired 
upon exercise thereof.


Section 12
General Provisions

12.1  Nothing contained in the Plan, or in any option, restricted stock 
grant or stock appreciation right granted pursuant to the Plan, shall 
confer upon any employee any right with respect to continuance of 
employment by the Company or a Subsidiary, nor interfere in any way with 
the right of the Company or a Subsidiary to terminate the employment of 
such employee at any time with or without assigning any reason therefor.

12.2  Appropriate provision shall be made for all taxes including any 
tax imposed by Code Section 4999, required to be withheld in connection 
with options, restricted stock grants and stock appreciation rights and 
the exercise thereof under the applicable laws or regulations of any 
governmental authority, whether federal, state or local and whether 
domestic or foreign.  The Company may withhold such taxes or may require 
a Participant to pay such taxes in connection with such grant or 
exercise.


Section 13
Amendment, Termination or Discontinuance of the Plan

13.1  Subject to the Board of Directors and section 13.2, the Committee 
may from time to time make such amendments to the Plan as it may deem 
proper and in the best interest of the Company without further approval 
of the Board of Directors or stockholders of the Company, including, but 
not limited to, any amendment necessary to ensure that the Company may 
obtain any regulatory approval referred to in section 10 hereof; 
provided, however, that no change in any option, restricted stock grant 
or stock appreciation right theretofore granted may be made without the 
consent of the Participant which would impair the right of the 
Participant to acquire or retain Common Stock which he may have acquired 
as a result of the Plan.

13.2  The Committee and the Board of Directors may not amend the Plan 
without the approval of the stockholders of the Company as required by 
applicable law to (a) increase the maximum number of shares of the 
Company subject to the Plan, except as permitted by section 5.2, (b) 
extend the period for the exercise of an option or a stock appreciation 
right beyond the limit set forth in section 7.2(b), (c) extend the term 
of the Plan, (d) reduce the option price at which options may be granted 
under the Plan, or (e) change the class of eligible persons.  

13.3  The Board of Directors may at any time suspend the operation of or 
terminate the Plan with respect to any shares of the Company's Common 
Stock not at the time subject to option or grant.  Termination shall not 
affect any right to repurchase shares or the forfeitability of shares 
issued under the Plan.


Amended as of June 10, 1993 and approved by the Stockholders on 
September 29, 1993
 



 

 



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10-12
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 10.12

DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
FOR DIRECTORS OF
FLUKE CORPORATION 

(As Amended April 29, 1994) 


ARTICLE I
Purpose of The Plan

The purpose of the Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (the "Plan") 
is to provide additional benefits for Directors of Fluke Corporation 
following termination of service as a Director.


ARTICLE II
Definitions

Unless the context clearly indicates otherwise, the following words and 
phrases shall have the meanings hereinafter indicated:

1.  Account.  A  Participant's Cash Account and/or Stock Account.  
Accounts are unfunded liabilities of the Company.

2.  Annual Fee.  The annual retainer fee to which a Director is entitled 
for service on the Board of Directors.

3.  Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors of Fluke Corporation. 

4.  Cash Account.  The bookkeeping account maintained for each 
Participant that is credited with (1) Deferred Compensation which a 
Participant does not elect to have invested in Stock and (2) interest 
imputed pursuant to Section 3(b) of Article VI.

5.  Committee.  The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors as 
is, from time to time, appointed or constituted by the Board of 
Directors.

6.  Company.  Fluke Corporation and its successors.

7.  Compensation.  The Annual Fee and the Meeting Fees to which a 
Director is entitled for service on the Board of Directors.

8.  Crediting Date.  The first day in any fiscal quarter of the Company. 

9.  Deferred Compensation.  The portion of Compensation which a 
Participant elects to defer.

10.  Director.  A member of the Board of Directors.

11.  Meeting Fees.  The monetary amounts to which a Director is entitled 
for attending meetings of the Board of Directors, or a committee 
thereof.

12.  Participant.  Any Director who elects to defer Compensation in 
accordance with the Plan.

13.  Payment Eligibility Date.  The date on which a Participant attains 
the age of 65 years, or ceases to be a Director, whichever is later.

14.  Plan.  This Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors, as amended 
from time to time.

15.  Plan Year.  The fiscal year of the Company.

16.  Secretary.  The Corporate Secretary of the Company.  

17.  Stock.  Common stock of the Company.

18.  Stock Account.  The bookkeeping account maintained for each 
Participant that is credited with (1) the Deferred Compensation which a 
Participant elects to be invested in Stock and (2) earnings credited 
thereto pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of Article VI.

19.  Trust.  The irrevocable grantor trust which is established to 
acquire and hold the shares of Stock allocated to each Participant's 
Stock Account and under which the assets are subject to the claims of 
the Company's creditors.

20.  Trustee.  The Trustee or Trustees, whether original or successor, 
appointed under the Trust.


ARTICLE III
Participation

A Director shall become a Participant in the Plan by electing to defer 
all or a portion of Compensation.  Such election shall be made by filing 
with the Secretary a "Director's Deferral Election Form" which complies 
with the requirements of Articles IV and V.


ARTICLE IV
Election of Deferred Amount

1.  Election.  Prior to the end of each Plan Year, a Director may elect 
to defer Compensation for the ensuing Plan Year.  Such election shall 
specify:

  a.  The percentage of each payment of Annual Fee to be deferred,      
  and/or

  b.  The percentage of each payment of Meeting Fees to be deferred.

2.  Election by New Directors.  A Director who is first elected during a 
Plan Year may elect to defer Compensation for the remainder of that Plan 
Year by filing such election within thirty days of becoming a Director. 
 Such election shall be effective for all Compensation for that Plan 
Year which is earned after the election is filed with the Secretary.

3.  Effect of Annual Election.  The annual election made by a 
Participant for any Plan Year shall be irrevocable with respect to such 
year.  However, such election shall not be binding with respect to 
Compensation attributable to any succeeding Plan Year.  A separate 
election must be filed for each Plan Year.


ARTICLE V
Investment Elections

1.  Annual Election.  Coincident with an election under Article IV, a 
Participant shall file an investment election with the Secretary 
designating the percentage of the Compensation deferred for the Plan 
Year which is to be credited to his Cash Account and the percentage of 
the Deferred Compensation which is to be credited to his Stock Account. 
Failure by a Participant to designate an investment option for any 
portion of his Deferred Compensation will be deemed to be an election 
for such Deferred Compensation to be credited to his Cash Account.

2.  Effect of Annual Election.  The investment election made by a 
Participant for any Plan Year shall be irrevocable with respect to 
deferrals of Compensation in such year.  A separate investment election 
must be filed for each Plan Year.

3.  Reallocation Election.

  a.  Coincident with an election under Article IV, a Participant may 
elect to transfer as of the first day of a Plan Year, all or a portion 
of his Cash Account to his Stock Account or to transfer all or a portion 
of his Stock Account to his Cash Account by filing an election with the 
Secretary.

  b.  If a Participant desires to transfer any portion of his Cash 
Account to his Stock Account, his election shall state the amount to be 
transferred.  Such amount shall be debited to the Participant's Cash 
Account and credited to his Stock Account.

  c.  If a Participant desires to transfer any portion of his Stock 
Account to his Cash Account, his election shall state the number of 
shares of Stock and the amount of any cash to be transferred.  Upon 
receipt of such election, the Committee shall instruct the Trustee to 
sell, on the first day of the Plan Year (or the first business day 
thereafter) on which the Reallocation Election is effective, the number 
of shares of Stock designated in the Participant's election and to 
deliver the proceeds to the Company.  The number of shares of Stock sold 
and the amount of any cash to be transferred shall be debited to the 
Participant's Stock Balance, and an amount equal to the sales proceeds 
and any transferred cash shall be credited to his Cash Account.  The 
amount of the sales proceeds shall be deemed to be the consideration 
received for the shares of Stock minus any commissions or other expenses 
of selling the Stock.


ARTICLE VI
Participant Accounts

1.  General.  A Cash Account and a Stock Account shall be maintained for 
each Participant.  

2.  Stock Balance and Cash Balance Under the Stock Account.  Each 
Participant's Stock Account shall consist of a Stock Balance and a Cash 
Balance.  Each participant's Cash Balance shall reflect the amount of 
the Participant's Deferred Compensation which has been allocated to the 
Stock Account but which has not yet been exchanged for an allocation of 
shares of Stock.  The Cash Balance need not be credited with interest.  
Each Participant's Stock Balance shall reflect the number of shares of 
Stock which have been allocated thereto pursuant to the provisions of 
this Plan.

3.  Allocations to Cash Account.  There shall be credited to each 
Participant's Cash Account as of each Crediting Date, the following 
amounts:

  a.  The portion of Compensation which the Participant has elected to 
defer and be allocated to his Cash Account and which has not previously 
been credited to either his Cash Account or Stock Account.

  b.  Imputed interest which rate shall be established for each Plan 
Year by reference to the 90-day Treasury bill rate on the first day of 
each Plan Year.  For purposes of computing such interest which shall be 
credited and compounded annually on the last day of each Plan Year, it 
shall be assumed that all deferrals to the Cash Account during a Plan 
Year will have been in the account for six months of the Plan Year, 
regardless of when the funds were actually deferred.

  c.  Any amount which the Participant has elected to be transferred 
from his Stock Account pursuant to Article V.

4.  Allocations to Stock Account.

  a.  Allocation to Cash Balance.  There shall be credited to each 
Participant's Cash Balance the following amounts:

    1)  The portion of Compensation which the Participant has elected to 
defer and invest in Stock and which has not previously been credited to 
either his Cash Account or Stock Account;

    2)  The amount of any cash dividend paid by the Company related to 
shares of Stock which were allocated to the Participant's Stock Account 
on the date such dividend was paid; and

    3)  Any amount which the Participant has directed to be transferred 
from his Cash Account pursuant to Article V.

  b.  Acquisition of Stock.  Within ten business days following each 
Crediting Date, the Company shall deliver to the Trustee cash equal to 
the Deferred Compensation credited to the Participant's Cash Balance 
under paragraphs (a)(1) and (a)(3) above.  The Committee shall instruct 
the Trustee to immediately purchase, on the open market, the maximum 
number of whole shares of Stock that can be purchased with the amount 
allocated to the Participant's Cash Balance.  Commissions and other 
expenses of purchasing Stock shall be deemed to be part of the purchase 
price for such Stock.

  c.  Allocation of Stock.  Upon the Trustee's purchase of Stock 
pursuant to the instructions described in paragraph (b) above, the 
Participant's Stock Balance shall be credited with the number of shares 
of Stock so acquired by the Trustee, and the Participant's Cash Balance 
shall be debited by an amount equal to the purchase price paid by the 
Trustee for such shares of Stock.

  d.  Stock Dividends and Stock Splits.  Whenever the Stock is subject 
to a split, stock dividend, reverse stock split, recapitalization, or 
like change, the number of shares of Stock allocated to each 
Participant's Stock Account shall be adjusted accordingly.

5.  Reallocation in the Event of a Termination of the Trust.  In the 
event the Trust is terminated at a time when any amounts are allocated 
to a Participant's Stock Account, then the following reallocations shall 
be made as of the date of the termination (the "Termination Date"):

  a.  The Participant's Stock Account shall be debited by the amount of 
the cash and the number of shares of Stock then allocated to his Stock 
Account.

  b.  The Participant's Cash Account shall be credited with an amount 
equal to the sum of (i) the amount of cash debited to his Stock Account 
under (a) above and (ii) an amount equal to the number of shares debited 
to his Stock Account in (a) above multiplied by the closing price of the 
Stock on the national stock exchange upon which the Company's stock is 
listed on the Termination Date as reported in the Western Edition of the 
Wall Street Journal.

6.  Voting; Tender Offers.

  a.  Voting.  The Trustee shall independently vote the shares held 
under the Trust.

  b.  Tender Offers.  In the event of any transaction which is evidenced 
by the filing of a Statement on Schedule 14D-1 with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission or in the event of any other similar transaction (a 
"Tender Offer"), then the Committee shall seek confidential written 
instructions from each Participant as to whether the Stock allocated to 
the Participant's Stock Account should be tendered.  If a Participant 
does not submit instructions to the Committee, the Participant shall be 
deemed to have elected not to have the shares credited to such 
Participant's Stock Account tendered.  The Committee shall instruct the 
Trustee whether or not to tender shares of Stock, and the number of 
shares of Stock, if any, to be tendered in accordance with the 
Participants' elections.  If a Participant directs that any shares 
allocated to his Stock Account be tendered, then his Stock Account shall 
be debited by the number of shares tendered and an amount equal to the 
proceeds received in exchange for those shares shall be credited to his 
Cash Account.


ARTICLE VII
Distributions

1.  Time and Amount of Distribution.  Each Participant shall be entitled 
to receive a distribution of benefits under this Plan as soon as 
practicable following his Payment Eligibility Date.  The distribution 
payable to a Participant shall be the amount of cash and the number of 
shares of Stock allocated to his Accounts as of his Payment Eligibility 
Date; provided, however, that if the distribution is made in 
installments, then amounts remaining credited to the Participant's 
Accounts shall continue to be credited with interest and/or dividend 
additions until distributed.

2.  Form of Distribution.  Benefits shall be distributed to a 
Participant in accordance with the Participant's election which shall be 
filed with the Secretary within ten days after the Payment Eligibility 
Date.  A Participant may elect to receive his Accounts in a lump sum or 
in equal annual installments not to exceed ten annual installments.

3.  Discretionary Exceptions.

  a.  In the event that a Participant ceases to be a Director prior to 
age 65, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine that such 
Participant's Accounts be paid out in the manner as elected by such 
Participant but commencing at a date earlier than such Participant's 
Payment Eligibility Date.

  b.  In the event that a Participant dies prior to the Participant's 
Payment Eligibility Date, the Committee shall pay over to such 
Participant's designated beneficiary the balance of such Participant's 
Accounts through the last Crediting Date preceding such death.

  c.  In the event that a Participant dies following the commencement of 
payout on an installment basis, the Committee shall pay the remaining 
balance of such Participant's Accounts to the designated beneficiary of 
such Participant.

4.  To Whom Payments are to be Made.  Each payment under the Plan shall 
be made to the Participant, except that, in the event of the 
Participant's death, payments will thereafter be made to the beneficiary 
or beneficiaries whom the Participant has designated and filed with the 
Secretary.  If no such beneficiary has been designated, or the 
designated beneficiary fails to survive the Participant, then such post-
death payments shall be made in accordance with the law of the 
Participant's domicile at the date of death.

5.  Special Payout Period.  In the event that the Plan is amended, 
modified, suspended or terminated, the Committee may, at its option, 
direct a special payout period not to exceed five years of all amounts 
accumulated and unpaid in each Participant's Account hereunder, provided 
that it deems such payout period to be in the best interests of the 
Company.  In this event, all amounts accumulated and unpaid in each 
Participant's Account will continue to be credited with interest and/or 
dividends, as specified in Article VI, throughout the special payout 
period.  If no such special payout is directed, each Participant's 
Account shall continue to be credited with interest and/or dividend 
additions until paid out in full under the provisions of the Plan.


ARTICLE VIII
Administration

1.  Appointment of Committee.  The Plan shall be administered by the 
Committee.

2.  Powers and Duties of Committee.  The Committee shall have such 
powers and duties as are conferred on it by the Plan and the Board of 
Directors.  The Committee shall have the authority to take any and all 
actions that it deems necessary or appropriate in the administration of 
the Plan.  The Committee may adopt such rules and procedures for the 
administration of the Plan as it deems advisable to implement such rules 
and procedures.  The Committee shall act at meetings by affirmative vote 
of a majority of the members of the Committee. Any action permitted to 
be taken at a meeting may be taken without a meeting if, prior to such 
action, a written consent to the action is signed by all members of the 
Committee and such written consent is filed with the minutes of the 
proceedings of the Committee.

3.  Construction and Interpretation.  The Committee shall have the full 
discretion to construct and interpret the terms and provisions of the 
Plan and all determinations made by the Committee shall be final.

4.  Reliance Upon Information.  The Committee and the Board of Directors 
may rely upon any information supplied to them by any officer of the 
Company, the Company's legal counsel or by the Company's independent 
public accountants in connection with the administration of the Plan, 
and shall not be liable for any decision or action in reliance thereon.

5.  Expenses.  All expenses of the administration of the Plan shall be 
borne by the Company, except to the extent commissions and other 
expenses related to Stock acquisitions and dispositions are charged 
against Participant's Accounts in accordance with other provisions of 
the Plan.

6.  Annual Statement.  Under procedures to be established by the 
Committee, a Participant shall receive an annual statement with respect 
to such Participant's Accounts.


ARTICLE IX
Miscellaneous

1.Rights and Interests.  No rights or interests under this Plan shall be 
assignable, transferable or subject to encumbrance, pledge or charge of 
any nature, except that a Participant may designate a beneficiary to 
receive any benefits arising hereunder upon such Participant's death.

No Participant shall have any right or interest in the Plan or any 
benefits hereunder unless and until all of the terms, conditions and 
provisions of the Plan that affect the Participant shall have been 
complied with as herein specified.  Additionally, the Participant shall 
complete such forms and furnish such information as the Committee may 
require in the administration of the Plan.

2.  Withholding.  There shall be deducted from each payment made under 
the Plan all taxes which are required to be withheld by the Company or 
Trustee in respect to such payment.  The Company and Trustee shall have 
the right to reduce any payment by the amount sufficient to provide the 
amount of said taxes.

3.  Unsecured General Creditors.  Participants and their beneficiaries 
shall have no legal or equitable rights, claims, or interest in any 
specific property or assets of the Company.  Any and all of the 
Company's assets, including the assets held under the Trust, shall be, 
and remain, the general, unpledged, unrestricted assets of the Company. 
The Company's obligation under the Plan shall be merely that of an 
unfunded and unsecured promise, and the rights of the Participants and 
their beneficiaries shall be no greater than those of unsecured general 
creditors.

4.  Amendment, Modification, Suspension or Termination.  The Committee 
may amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan in whole or in part, 
except that no amendment, modification, suspension or termination shall 
reduce any amounts allocated previously to a Participant's Accounts, 
provided that any amendment to or change in the Plan adopted by the 
Committee, which will either significantly increase any benefits under 
the Plan or will substantially alter the general principles of the Plan, 
shall not become effective unless ratified by the Board of Directors.

5.  Governing Law.  The place of administration of the Plan shall be 
conclusively deemed to be within the State of Washington; and the 
validity, construction, interpretation and effect of the Plan and all 
rights of any and all persons having or claiming any interest in such 
Plan shall be governed by the laws of the State of Washington.


ARTICLE X
Effective Date

The Plan shall be applicable to and shall be effective as to 
Compensation for Plan Years commencing on and after September 30, 1989.
 



 

 






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10-13
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 10.13

FLUKE CORPORATION
SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT INCOME AND PRE-RETIREMENT DEATH BENEFIT PLAN


THIS AGREEMENT is entered into between Fluke Corporation, a Washington 
corporation (the Company), and each individual listed in the attached 
Appendix A (the Participants), as amended from time to time pursuant to 
Article IV.

WITNESSETH:

WHEREAS, the Participants are valued employees of the Company, and it is 
the desire of the Company to continue the employment of each of the 
Participants because of their respective experience, reputation and 
contacts in the industry, and knowledge of the affairs of the Company; 
and

WHEREAS, the Company wants the Participants to concentrate their efforts 
on the development and growth of the Company and to provide the 
financial security of a competitive level of retirement income; and

WHEREAS, the Company desires the Participants to remain in its service 
as consultants and wishes to receive the benefit of their knowledge, 
experience, reputation and contacts during their retirement; and

WHEREAS, the Company is desirous of the Participants retaining a 
friendly interest in the business of the Company and not entering into 
any business which might be competitive after retirement from active 
employment; and

WHEREAS, the Company, in consideration of each Participant's past and 
current service and such Participant's agreement to be available after 
retirement as a consultant, and not to enter into a competitive 
business, is willing to offer the respective Participants a Supplemental 
Retirement Income and Pre-Retirement Death Benefit Plan with disability 
and death benefits; and

WHEREAS, the Company and the Participants have previously entered into a 
Supplemental Retirement Income Plan dated November 14, 1991, and it is 
deemed in the best interests of the Company and the Participants to 
amend and restate said Agreement;

THEREFORE, effective June 22, 1994, the parties agree as follows:


ARTICLE I
Definitions

For purposes of this Agreement, the following words shall have the 
indicated meaning:

A.  Plan - This Supplemental Retirement Income and Pre-Retirement Death 
Benefit Plan as amended and restated as of June 22, 1994.

B.  Supplemental Retirement Income Fund - The aggregate of the annual 
allocations and allocated earnings set aside as a matter of record upon 
the books of the Company for purposes of this Plan and representing an 
unsecured contractual liability of the Company but not a particular 
asset or pool of assets.

C.  Participant - An employee or former employee of the Company who has 
entered into this Agreement, as amended from time to time, and who has 
been credited with an allocated share of an annual allocation by the 
Company to the Supplemental Retirement Income Fund.

D.  Participant/Beneficiary - A Participant who becomes entitled to a 
distribution of such Participant's allocated credits under this Plan due 
to retirement or inability to continue gainful employment by reason of 
sickness and disability.

E.  Beneficiary - One to whom the distributions of allocated credits 
and/or life insurance proceeds pursuant to Article VI shall be paid in 
the event of the death of a Participant or Participant/Beneficiary.

F.  Retirement Date - The last day of the month following the later of: 
 the date the Participant reaches his 55th birthday or the date the 
Participant retires from employment with the Company.

G.  Fiscal Year - The annual accounting period adopted by the Company.


ARTICLE II
Company Contributions

The Company agrees to establish a corporate liability for amounts 
credited under the Plan in a manner determined by the Board of Directors 
of the Company in its sole discretion, which will adequately provide for 
the accrual of Participant benefits at the times, in the amounts and 
subject to the conditions hereinafter set forth.


ARTICLE III
Covenants by Participants

Each Participant, individually and not jointly, agrees as follows:

A.  During Active Employment.  During the period of such Participant's 
active employment, to faithfully perform assigned duties to the best of 
such Participant's ability and in accordance with directions of the 
Company; and to devote to the performance of such duties full time and 
attention, and not become associated with or engage in or render service 
to any other business, except that such Participant may invest in and 
have an interest in a noncompeting business so long as it does not 
appreciably interfere with such Participant's active service with the 
Company.

B.  Services During Retirement or Other Termination of Employment.  
During the period of a Participant's retirement, or after the 
termination of his employment with the Company for any reason, to render 
to the Company such services of an advisory or consultive nature as the 
Company may reasonably request so that the Company may continue to have 
the benefit of the Participant's experience and knowledge of the affairs 
of the Company and reputation and contacts in the industry.  The 
Participant shall be available for advice and counsel to the Company at 
all reasonable times by telephone, letter or in person; provided, 
however, a failure to render such service or to give such service or 
counsel by reason of illness or other incapacity shall not affect the 
Participant's right to receive supplemental retirement income hereunder 
during any such period.

C.  Noncompetition and Investment During Retirement.  During the period 
of a Participant's retirement or after the termination of employment 
with the Company for any reason, not to become associated with or engage 
in or render any service to any other business competitive to the 
business of the Company for a period of three (3) years without the 
prior written approval of the Company's Board of Directors; provided, 
however, that this shall not prohibit the Participant from purchasing 
stock or other securities of any corporation and, provided further, that 
the Participant shall not be prohibited hereunder from making any 
investment in a noncompeting business or from becoming a director of any 
corporation conducting a noncompeting business.


ARTICLE IV
Eligible Employees

A.  Current Eligible Employees.  The current eligible employees shall be 
the Participants listed in Appendix A.  

B.  Additional Eligible Employees.  Additional employees may be approved 
from time to time by the Board of Directors of the Company for 
eligibility hereunder as Participants, provided that the Company and 
each employee thereafter execute a copy of an agreement to participate 
in this Plan.  Such additional Participants shall have no interest in 
allocations already credited hereunder to other Participants.

C.  Removal from List of Eligible Employees.  Any present or future 
Participant may be removed from the list of employees eligible for 
participation in this Plan at any time at the sole discretion of the 
Board of Directors of the Company, subject to a Participant's right to 
allocated amounts already credited or accrued at the time of such 
removal.


ARTICLE V
Allocation of Contribution

A.  Record Keeping.  The Company shall maintain a separate record to 
which it shall credit each Participant's annual allocation and allocated 
earnings thereon, as defined below, adding the same to the individual 
Participant's previously allocated and credited account.  At least once 
each fiscal year the Company shall furnish each Participant with a 
statement of such Participant's current account balance.

B.  Participant Allocations.

  1.  Each Participant's account balance is the aggregate sum of all 
contributions credited to such Participant's account which have been 
authorized by the Board of Directors in their sole discretion and all 
allocated earnings thereon.

  2.  With the fiscal year beginning April 30, 1994, the amount credited 
annually on the last day of the fiscal year to each Participant's 
account shall be:

    a)  the lesser of twenty-one percent (21 percent) of the 
Participant's base salary on November 1 of such fiscal year, or the 
annual contribution limitation amount pursuant to Article VII, section D 
of the Plan, and 

    b)  the  allocated  earnings on the Participant's aggregate account 
balance during such fiscal year which shall be computed using an assumed 
interest rate of 1 percent over the average three-month Treasury bill 
rate for the fiscal year.

  3.  The amount credited to a Participant's account for the fiscal year 
during which the Participant retires shall be prorated based upon the 
number of days of participation during the fiscal year.

  4.  Once a Participant becomes entitled under the provisions of 
Article VII hereof to distribution of the credits allocated to such 
Participant under the provisions of this Article V, such Participant 
shall no longer be entitled to annual allocations for future years, but 
as a Participant/Beneficiary shall be entitled to the allocated earnings 
defined in 2 b) above.

  5.  For those Participants who retire prior to the end of fiscal 1999, 
a calculation of the present value of the Company's pension benefit will 
be made as if the maximum amount of annual compensation which could be 
taken into account in the computation of pension benefits is $235,840, 
the maximum level prior to the enactment of the Revenue Reconciliation 
Act of 1993.  Any difference between the present value of the actual 
pension benefit to be paid and the present value of the pension benefit 
using the $235,840 limit (the equalization amount) will be accrued as an 
additional allocation to the Participant's account in such Participant's 
year of retirement.  The Company has increased by 1 percent the annual 
allocation to each Participant's account beginning in fiscal 1995.  This 
additional 1 percent allocation will be deducted from any equalization 
amount paid to a Participant pursuant to this paragraph.

  6.  The foregoing allocations may be modified for future years at any 
time at the sole discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company to 
meet corporate objectives.


ARTICLE VI
Split-Dollar Provisions

A.  Life Insurance Policy.

  1.  In furtherance of the purposes of this Plan to provide pre-
retirement death benefits, life insurance (the Policy) has been applied 
for on the lives of Participants listed in Appendix A (the Insured 
Participant) from one or more insurance companies (the Insurer).  The 
Participants agree to cooperate in the application for such Policies and 
agree that the Company shall have an insurable interest in each 
Participant or Participant/Beneficiary.  Appendix B lists the basic 
particulars of the Policies issued in connection with the Split-Dollar 
Provisions of this Plan.

  2.  These Split-Dollar Provisions are effective as to a particular 
Policy upon execution, or upon issuance and acceptance of such Policy, 
whichever is later.

B.  Ownership Rights and Duties under the Policy.

  1.  The Company shall be the owner of all rights and incidents of 
ownership in the Policy.  The Insured Participant's only right shall be 
to designate to the Company the beneficiary of Part Two of the proceeds 
of such Policy, as defined in section F below.

  2.  The Company shall be responsible for safeguarding the Policy.

  3.  The Company shall execute and promptly deliver any appropriate 
documents, including the Policy, as required by the Insurer.  The 
Company agrees to designate the beneficiary of Part Two of such Policy 
in accordance with the written direction of the Insured Participant.

C.  Policy Loans and Withdrawals.  The Company shall have all rights of 
ownership of Policy cash values, including, but not limited to, the 
right to obtain loans secured by the Policy as well as withdrawals. The 
amount of any withdrawals or loans, together with the unpaid interest 
thereon, shall at no time exceed that amount that the Company would be 
entitled to as determined by section F of this Article VI.  The interest 
due on any Policy loans shall be a debt of the Company owed to the 
Insurer.  The Insured Participant shall have no rights or interests in 
Policy cash values or in any part of the Company's interests in the 
Policy.  All Policy interests owned by the Company through these Split-
Dollar Provisions shall be subject to the claims of the Company's 
general creditors and shall in no way be viewed as security or an asset 
from which the Company is required to meet its obligations to the 
Insured Participant.

D.  Payment of Premiums.  All premiums due on the Policy shall be paid 
by the Company.

E.  Payment of Proceeds.  On the Insured Participant's death, the 
Company shall receive Part One of the Policy, and such party or parties 
as designated by the Insured Participant in writing pursuant to Article 
VII, section C.2. shall be the beneficiary of Part Two of the Policy.  
The fiduciary designation and claims procedure is attached as Appendix 
C.

F.  Definitions.

  1.  Part One is an amount payable to the Company equal to the cash 
value of the Policy, plus any proceeds in excess of the Part Two amount 
defined below.

  2.  Part Two is an amount equal to the insurance proceeds in excess of 
the cash value of the Policy, with a maximum of three times the current 
base salary of the Insured Participant.

G.  Termination of Split-Dollar Provisions.  The Split-Dollar Provisions 
of this Plan shall terminate immediately as to an Insured Participant 
for any of the following reasons:

  1.  Performance of its terms, following the death of the Insured 
Participant;

  2.  Reaching the Insured Participant's Retirement Date;

  3.  Termination of the Insured Participant's employment with the 
Company for reasons other than death or disability;

  4.  The Company's delivery of written notice to the Insured 
Participant of its decision to terminate such Split-Dollar Provisions by 
amendment of this Plan.

H.  Repayment for Reasons Other than Death.

  1.  In all instances of termination of the Policy other than death, 
the Company shall certify as required by the Insurer that such repayment 
shall release the Insurer from any liability to the Company.

  2.  Such repayment to the Company of the amounts owed it shall be made 
from the total cash values of the Policy.  All parties shall execute the 
documents necessary to facilitate such use of the total cash values.

I.  Liability of Insurer.

  1.  The Insurer is not a party to the Split-Dollar Provisions of the 
Plan.  With respect to any Policy issued pursuant to the Split-Dollar 
Provisions of the Plan, the Insured shall have no liability except as 
set forth in the Policy.  Such Insurer shall not be bound to inquire 
into or take notice of any of the terms of this Plan or as to the 
application of the proceeds of such Policies.

  2.  The Insured shall be discharged from all liability by making 
payments of the proceeds of the Policy as directed by the Company and in 
permitting rights and privileges under a Policy to be exercised pursuant 
to the provisions of the Policy.


ARTICLE VII 
Distribution of Allocated Credit

A.  Conditions

  1.  Attainment of Retirement Date, Termination of Employment or 
Disability. Except as provided in section C.5. of this Article VII, no 
amounts credited to a Participant shall be distributed to such 
Participant or to any other person or entity on such Participant's 
behalf or as designated by such Participant to receive the same unless 
the Participant shall have reached the Retirement Date and ceased 
employment with the Company, died, or become disabled, as herein 
provided.

  2.  Forfeitures.  The balance in the Participant's account shall be 
forfeited and, if applicable, any distribution or continued distribution 
of a Participant's or Participant/Beneficiary's account shall stop if 
the Participant or Participant/Beneficiary shall:

    a)  engage in a business within the three-year covenant period 
(described in Article III, section C hereof) which, in the opinion of 
the Board of Directors of the Company, competes with the Company;

    b)  be terminated by the Company for violation of any corporate 
policies to which such Participant is subject;

    c)  engage in business practices which, in the opinion of the Board 
of Directors of the Company, are detrimental to the interests of the 
Company;

    d)  fail to be available for consultation and advice after 
retirement from or termination of employment with the Company; or

    e)  encumber or seek to encumber such Participant's interest in or 
benefit in this Plan.

  3.  Disbursement of Forfeited Account.  No Participant shall have any 
rights whatsoever to the balance of any forfeited account.  Any 
forfeited balance shall reduce the Company's liability under the Plan.

B.  Vesting.  Distributions to all Participant/ Beneficiaries under this 
Plan shall be further limited to those amounts allocated to each 
Participant which have been vested according to the number of years such 
Participant shall have been continuously employed by the Company or its 
subsidiaries as of the end of the fiscal year in which such Participant 
becomes entitled to such distribution or terminates employment with the 
Company, whichever occurs first, and according to the following 
schedule:

Number of Years Employed            Percent Vested

less than 1 year                                0 percent
1 year                                         20 percent
2 years                                        40 percent
3 years                                        60 percent
4 years                                        80 percent
5 years                                       100 percent

Upon termination of employment with the Company, a Participant's 
aggregate account balance shall be adjusted according to the above 
schedule.  Any non-vested balance shall reduce the Company's liability 
under the Plan.

C.  Payments to Participant/Beneficiary or Beneficiaries.

  1.  Retirement.  Upon Participant's Retirement Date, the Company, 
subject to the conditions and vesting provisions set forth in sections A 
and B of this Article VII, shall pay to the Participant/Beneficiary in 
approximately equal monthly installments over a ten-year period an 
amount equal to the Participant's aggregate account balance.  The first 
installment must be paid within the first month after such Participant's 
Retirement Date, unless the Participant requests a deferral of such 
first payment for a period not exceeding twelve months and such deferral 
is approved by the Board.  During each fiscal year following the first 
year of distributions to a Participant/Beneficiary, the  allocated 
earnings on the remaining balance of the Participant/Beneficiary's 
aggregate account balance from the prior fiscal year shall be divided by 
twelve and paid out to the Participant/Beneficiary as equal additions to 
the normal monthly installments.

  2.  Death.  Each Participant shall designate a Beneficiary or 
Beneficiaries on a form to be filed with the Company.  If a Participant 
is married when the Beneficiary designation is made and such designation 
is someone other than the spouse, the designation will not be valid 
without the written consent of the spouse.  If no designation is filed 
with the Company or if the designated Beneficiary shall not survive such 
Participant, then the payments from the account of the deceased 
Participant shall be paid to the surviving spouse, if any, or, if none, 
then to the Participant's personal legal representative.

If a Participant dies while still in the Company's employ before 
reaching his Retirement Date,  the Beneficiary or Beneficiaries named by 
the Participant prior to his death shall receive a life insurance death 
benefit in accordance with the Split-Dollar Provisions of Article VI of 
this Plan equal to three times the current base salary of the 
Participant.  If the Participant's current aggregate account balance 
plus $250,000 is greater than the life insurance benefit, the difference 
shall be paid to the Beneficiary or Beneficiaries by the Company.  The 
Participant aggregate account balance at death shall be computed as if 
such Participant was fully vested pursuant to paragraph B of this 
Article VII.  If the Participant is not an employee of the Company at 
the time of death or dies after retirement but before distribution of 
all benefits to which such Participant/Beneficiary may have been 
entitled, the aggregate account balance at the time of death shall be 
paid to the Beneficiary or Beneficiaries named by the Participant in 
installment payments as described in section C.1. of this Article.  The 
first of such installment payments must be paid to the Beneficiary or 
Beneficiaries within three (3) months after the date of the 
Participant's death, if none have been paid before such death, but the 
first installment payment shall be paid within one (1) month after the 
Participant/Beneficiary's death, if payments under Article VI had 
already commenced prior to such death.

  3.  Disability

    a)  In the event a Participant, prior to reaching such Participant's 
Retirement Date and still in the employ of the Company, becomes disabled 
so such Participant is no longer able to continue in gainful employment, 
the aggregate amount credited to the Participant's account as of the 
occurrence of the disability shall be paid to such Participant in 
installments pursuant to section C1 of this Article VII as if such 
Participant is fully vested pursuant to section B of this Article VII.

    b)  Disability shall be established by the certificate of a 
physician selected by the Participant and approved by the Company, that 
the Participant, by reason of mental or physical disability, is 
incapable of further gainful employment.  In the event the Participant 
becomes disabled as defined herein, and thereafter again becomes capable 
of gainful employment, the Participant may be reemployed by the Company 
on such terms and with such participation under this Agreement as the 
Board of Directors, in its sole discretion, shall then determine.

  4.  Distribution to Minors or Incompetents.  Distribution to minors or 
incompetents may be made by the Company, at its sole discretion, a) 
directly to said persons, b) to the legal guardians of said persons, or 
c) to the parent of said minor.  The Company shall not be required to 
see to the application of any such distributions so made to any of said 
persons and such payments shall be a full discharge of the Company's 
liability under this Plan.

  5.  Lump Sum or Periodic Payments.  Upon a Participant's termination 
of employment with the Company, the Board of Directors may, in its 
discretion, regardless of the Participant's reaching Retirement Date, 
allow the Participant to receive such Participant's account balance in a 
lump sum or in the form of periodic installments payable over any fixed 
or contingent period not exceeding the life expectancy of the 
Participant and the Participant's spouse, if any.  The Board may, under 
these circumstances, require the repayment of such distributions if the 
Participant violates the terms of Article VII, section A.2.

D.  Annual Contribution Limitation.  The maximum annual contribution to 
a Participant's account under this Agreement shall be limited at each 
attained age to the amount which, when added to the Participant's 
current account balance and to the lump-sum value of the Participant's 
accrued pension from the Fluke Corporation Pension Plan, so as not to 
exceed the following percentage of the Participant's compensation.
  
Age Last         Percent of       Age Last          Percent of
Birthday       Compensation       Birthday        Compensation

      35               107%             49                314%
      36               115%             50                339%
      37               125%             51                366%
      38               135%             52                395%
      39               145%             53                427%
      40               157%             54                461%
      41               170%             55                498%
      42               183%             56                505%
      43               198%             57                511%
      44               214%             58                517%
      45               231%             59                521%
      46               249%             60                525%
      47               269%             61                528%
      48               291%   62 and older                531%

Compensation for purposes of this limitation shall be the average of a 
Participant's highest three fiscal years total of base salary, senior 
management variable compensation and semi-annual profit-sharing bonus 
(including amounts deferred into the Company's Retirement Plus program 
or any flexible benefit plan).


ARTICLE VIII  
Provision Against Anticipation

At no time shall any Participant, or Participant/Beneficiary, have the 
right or power to alienate, anticipate, commute, pledge, encumber or 
assign any of the benefits, proceeds or avails of the funds credited to 
such Participant under this Agreement and no such benefits, proceeds or 
avails shall be subject to seizure by any creditor of the Participant, 
or Participant/Beneficiary, under any writ or proceedings at law or in 
equity.


ARTICLE IX
Termination of Employment

Nothing herein provided shall abrogate or modify in any way the 
Company's right to terminate the Company's employment of any Participant 
at any time, with or without cause.


ARTICLE X
Amendment and Termination of Agreement

A.  Right to Amend and Terminate.  The Board of Directors of the Company 
shall have the right to terminate this Plan at any time or to modify, 
alter or amend it in whole or in part, subject to the Company's 
obligations to pay all sums then credited to Participants, 
Participant/Beneficiaries and Beneficiaries under the terms of this 
Plan.

B.  Termination of Plan.  This Plan shall terminate upon written notice 
by the Board of Directors of the Company, upon complete discontinuance 
of contributions by the Company for a period of three (3) years, in the 
event of the bankruptcy or receivership of the Company or upon the 
dissolution or merger of the Company unless a successor to the business 
agrees to continue the Plan by executing an appropriate supplemental 
agreement.  In the event that the Company is taken over by a successor 
who agrees to continue the Plan, the employment of any employee who is 
continued in the employ of such successor shall not be deemed to have 
been terminated or severed for any purpose hereunder.

C.  Payment on Termination.  Upon termination of this Plan, the 
aggregate account balances of all Participants then employed by the 
Company shall fully vest.  The vested interests of all Participants, 
Participants/Beneficiaries and Beneficiaries of former Participants in 
the Supplemental Retirement Income Fund shall be distributed to them by 
the Company or its successors or assigns in a lump sum within one (1) 
month of the termination date.

 



 

 

10




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 11
<TEXT>

<TABLE>
Exhibit 11                                COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE
                                          Fluke Corporation and Subsidiaries
<CAPTION>
                                                             Seven            Seven
                                       Year ended     months ended     months ended       Year ended       Year ended
                                         April 29,        April 30,           May 1,    September 25,    September 27,
                                             1994             1993             1992             1992             1991
<S>                                    <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>              <C>
Shares issued at beginning
  of period                             8,807,391        8,807,391        8,807,391        8,807,391        8,807,391
Less repurchased shares at
  beginning of period                  (2,464,936)      (2,472,756)      (2,511,214)      (2,511,214)      (2,293,983)
Shares outstanding at
  beginning of period                   6,342,455        6,334,635        6,296,177        6,296,177        6,513,408
Net issuance of shares
  under stock award plans,
  weighted average                          5,208            2,398           14,265           23,515            9,716
Shares issued for
  acquisiton, weighted average          1,000,000              ---              ---              ---              ---
Shares issued upon conversion
  of preferred shares,
  weighted average                        538,144              ---              ---              ---              ---
Less shares prchased during the 
  period, weighted average                    ---              ---              ---              ---         (187,042)
Weighted average shares outstanding     7,885,807        6,337,033        6,310,442        6,319,692        6,336,082
Common share equivalents
  of convertible preferred
  shares, weighted average                    ---          538,144          542,198          540,578          548,693
Assumed exercise of stock
  options, weighted average
  of incremental shares                   145,889          194,286          162,539          173,425           59,166
Average shares and common
  share equivalents
  outstanding                           8,031,696        7,069,463        7,015,179        7,033,695        6,943,941

Earnings per share based on
  weighted average shares
  and common share equivalents
  outstanding                              $ 1.10           $ 0.95           $ 1.28          $  2.16           $ 0.46
Net Income (in thousands)                  $8,800           $6,743           $8,948          $15,204           $3,205
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 13

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND 
FINANCIAL CONDITION

ACQUISITION 

Effective May 1, 1993, the Company completed the largest acquisition in 
its history with the purchase of the test and measurement business of 
Philips Electronics N.V. of the Netherlands (Philips).  The completion 
of the acquisition ended the five-year strategic alliance between the 
Company and Philips.  Under the terms of the alliance, the Company sold 
Philips' products in North America and other selected markets and 
Philips sold the Company's products in Europe and other selected 
markets.  The acquisition provided the Company with the ScopeMeter 
(registered trademark) test tools, oscilloscopes, generators and other 
product lines, which have been organized into the Company's Diagnostic 
Tools Division.  It also provided the Company with direct sales and 
service operations in fourteen European countries.  The acquisition 
contributed approximately $105 million in incremental revenues to the 
Company in 1994.  The increase in revenues occurred primarily in Europe 
where some of the acquired product lines have a significant market share 
and because of the increase in sales revenues by selling directly 
through the acquired European direct sales force rather than selling at 
a discount to Philips as the Company's distributor.  The addition of the 
Diagnostic Tools Division and the European sales operations added over 
900 people to the Company, all in Europe.  The purchase price was $41.8 
million, including $22.4 million in cash and one million shares of the 
Company's common stock.  Additional financial data regarding the 
purchase is found in Note 2 to the financial statements, "Acquisition of 
Philips T&M Business."

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Financial Results 1994 versus 1993

All references to 1994 are to the fiscal year ended April 29, 1994 and 
all references to 1993 are to the seven-month transition period ended 
April 30, 1993.  Restated 1993 refers to the restated amounts listed in 
the unaudited quarterly financial data that have been restated to 
present 1993 on a comparable twelve-month period to 1994.  The 
transition period resulted from a change in the fiscal year-end in 1993 
from the last Friday in September to the last Friday in April.

Net income in 1994 was $8.8 million and $1.10 per share.  The income and 
earnings per share levels were below historical levels; however, the 
Company planned a reduced level of profitability during 1994 due to its 
investment in new product programs in order to accelerate the growth of 
the Company.

Revenues of $357.9 million in 1994 were 45.9 percent higher than the 
$245.3 million in restated 1993.  Excluding the contribution of the 
acquisition, 1994 revenues were up slightly over the revenues of 
restated 1993.  The geographical shift in the distribution of revenues, 
based on the location of customers, was dramatically influenced by the 
acquisition.  In 1993, the Company's domestic revenues were 65.0 percent 
and international revenues were 35.0 percent of total revenues.  
European revenues contributed 13.0 percent of the total.  In 1994, after 
the acquisition, domestic revenues were 47.0 percent and international 
revenues were 53.0 percent of total revenues.  European revenues in 1994 
contributed 38.0 percent of the total.  In addition to the increased 
growth potential from the international markets, the increase in 
revenues from outside the United States has added some complexity and 
risk to the Company.  These risks include increased exposure to the risk 
of foreign currency fluctuations and the potential economic and 
political impacts from doing business in foreign countries including 
changes in labor and tax laws, import and export controls and changes in 
governmental policies.

Cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenues was 51.0 percent in 1994 
compared to 54.6 percent in 1993.  As a result of the acquisition, the 
Company added manufacturing operations in the Netherlands which produce 
instruments with a similar cost structure to the Company's facilities in 
the United States.  Under the alliance agreement, the Company purchased 
Philips' products for resale in North America and other selected 
markets.  These products, now manufactured by the Company, are produced 
at a lower cost than the cost of purchasing them from Philips.  Although 
this reduces the Company's cost of goods sold as a percentage of 
revenue, it is offset to some degree by the increase in operating 
expenses discussed below.

Operating expenses, as a percentage of revenues, increased from 43.4 
percent to 44.3 percent.  The addition of the acquired European 
operations, which includes marketing, selling, research and development, 
and administrative operations, increased the level of the Company's 
operating expense.  The increased gross margin generated by selling the 
Companys's U.S.-built products direct in Europe and the revenues from 
the acquired product lines support the increase in expense.

Marketing and administrative expense increased as a percentage of 
revenues from 32.5 percent in 1993 to 34.5 percent in 1994.  One factor 
in this increase is the addition of sales operations in fourteen 
European countries where the cost of selling is generally higher than in 
the United States.  The marketing expense related to the high number of 
new product introductions in 1994 also contributed to the increase in 
marketing and administrative expense.

Marketing and administrative expense will be impacted by the 1992 
revision in the corporate mission, which led the Company into new 
product areas and the development of sales channels through which the 
Company sells these new products.  New products such as Local Area 
Network (LAN) test tools, automotive meters and power harmonics meters 
require new sales channels to reach the customers of these products.  
Developing and managing these new sales channels requires a change in 
how the Company's sales force is structured.  Over the last several 
years the Company has reduced the number of direct salespeople in the 
U.S. sales force and increased the number of people managing the 
indirect channels such as distributors, dealers and representatives.  
International sales organizations are now beginning this process.  This 
change in the structure of the sales force will, over time, reduce the 
cost of the selling organization.  This reduction in selling cost is 
necessary to offset the discounts that are required to sell through the 
indirect sales channels.

New product and development activities have remained a high priority for 
the Company.  The Company spent 9.8 percent of revenues on research and 
development in 1994 compared to 10.3 percent in 1993.  The research and 
development operations acquired from Philips have redirected their focus 
to products that are more closely aligned with the Company's mission.  
The Company also continues to have access to the Philips research 
facilities through research contracts.  In addition, to supplement the 
development resources, the Company has purchased, or jointly developed 
with third parties, some of its new products, such as the Company's 
first LAN product offerings.  Through license agreements and related 
purchase contracts, the Company is able to get products to the market 
faster and subsequently integrate this expertise into the Company.

Goodwill of $20.8 million and intangible assets related to the acquired 
technologies and product lines of $7.7 million were recorded as a result 
of the acquisition.  The goodwill is being amortized over twenty years 
and the intangible assets are being amortized over five years.  Goodwill 
amortization of $1.0 million and most of the amortization expense 
related to the intangible assets of $1.6 million are recorded in 
nonoperating expense.

The effective annual tax rate increased from 28.2 percent in 1993 to 
37.5 percent in 1994.  The rate increase was caused primarily by the 
addition of the European operations and partially by the increase in the 
U.S. statutory rate to 35 percent.  Although the average statutory rate 
in Europe is comparable to the U.S. statutory rate, losses in some of 
the acquired country operations with no offsetting benefit caused the 
increase in the overall rate.  The effective annual tax rates in 1993, 
1992 and 1991 were below the U.S. statutory rate of 34 percent, in those 
years, due to the utilization of foreign tax credit carryovers and the 
benefit of the Company's Foreign Sales Corporation.  The significant 
foreign tax credit carryovers have been utilized, and in future years, 
foreign tax credits are not expected to have much effect on the 
effective annual tax rate.

Financial Results 1993 versus 1992

In this section, all references to 1993 are for the audited seven-month 
transition period ended April 30, 1993 and all references to restated 
1992 are for the unaudited seven-month period ended May 1, 1992.

During 1993, the Company recorded two changes in accounting policies.  
The Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, 
"Accounting for Income Taxes."  The cumulative effect of adopting the 
statement was a positive adjustment to income of $1.5 million.  The 
Company also changed the method used in applying overhead costs to 
inventory whereby overhead costs related to the procurement process are 
applied to inventory at the time of the receipt of the inventory.  
Previously these costs were applied during the production process.  The 
cumulative effect of this change was a positive adjustment to income of 
$2.4 million, net of tax.  Prior years' financial statements were not 
restated for either item.

Revenues of $132.1 million in 1993 were 16.7 percent less than revenues 
of $158.7 million in restated 1992.  Almost every region of the world 
experienced revenue declines, including the United States which was down 
18.0 percent and Europe, primarily sales to Philips, which decreased  
27.6 percent.  In 1992, the introduction of the ScopeMeter product line 
was very successful.  While ScopeMeter continued to be one of the 
Company's highest revenue-producing product families during 1993, sales 
were down substantially from 1992.  The decrease in sales was due to the 
high level of distributor stocking orders in 1992 in addition to the 
slowdown in the economy in 1993.  This downturn in revenues, due to the 
economy, was also felt across the Company's other product lines.  
ScopeMeter revenues increased in 1994 over 1993, and it continues to be 
one of the Company's most successful product lines.

Revenues in the United States were significantly affected by the 
depressed economic conditions as customers reduced their capital 
purchases in response to economic pressures.  The Company continued to 
be affected by the decline in purchases by the U.S. government.  To 
mitigate this decline in U.S. government business, the Company expanded 
into new market segments by expanding its product offering in the 
automotive test market and entering the LAN market.  The Company has 
continued to invest in the development of new products; however, only a 
few products were introduced in the 1993 transition period.

Operating expenses decreased 4.4 percent in 1993 from restated 1992, but 
increased significantly as a percentage of revenues.  The Company 
instigated several cost-cutting measures in restated 1993 to reduce 
expenses, including delaying salary increases for several months and 
requiring days off without pay or temporarily reducing the pay of 
employees and directors.  In addition, the Company reduced employees 
through attrition and layoffs.

The decline in marketing and administrative expenses of 7.4 percent was 
due primarily to decreased expenses of the U.S. sales operation.  During 
1992 and 1993, fifteen sales offices in smaller markets were closed and 
the salespeople are now working out of their homes.  The expense for 
research and development increased 6.4 percent in 1993 over restated 
1992.  The increase had been planned; consequently, the cost-cutting 
measures, other than salary reductions, did not impact research and 
development to the same extent that other areas were affected.

Financial Results 1992 versus 1991

In this section, references to 1992 and 1991 represent 52/53-week fiscal 
years ending on September 25, 1992 and September 27, 1991, respectively.

Revenues of $271.8 million in 1992 were 13.4 percent greater than 
revenues of $239.7 million in 1991.  This growth in revenues was 
primarily the result of new products, most significantly, the ScopeMeter 
product line.  Revenues in the United States increased 15.3 percent in 
1992 over 1991.  The majority of the increase came from increased sales 
through the Company's network of distributors and sales to the U.S. 
government.  Revenues from the Company's network of distributors 
continue to grow as the types of products the Company is developing 
under the new mission are more effectively sold through distributors or 
other indirect sales channels.

Revenues from outside the United States increased 10.0 percent in 1992 
over 1991.  The Company's products had particularly good revenue growth 
in Canada, which grew 27.0 percent in spite of a difficult economic 
environment, the People's Republic of China, which grew 58.5 percent, 
and Taiwan, Mexico and Singapore, which all had revenue increases in 
excess of 25.0 percent.

Gross margin, as a percentage of revenues, declined to 44.9 percent in 
1992 from 46.1 percent in 1991.  This decline was caused by the increase 
in the resale of Philips products and other purchased products and the 
increased percentage of revenues generated through the distribution 
network.  Selling through the distributor network generates lower gross 
margin because the distributors buy at a larger discount than direct 
customers.

In 1991, the Company accrued $10.8 million in restructuring charges for 
the cost of discontinuing products and processes that are not consistent 
with the Company's revised mission.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

The Company negotiated two separate committed lines of credit, totaling 
$55.0 million, in conjunction with the acquisition.  One line of credit 
was for the acquisition financing and other domestic working capital 
needs and one was for the working capital requirements of the newly 
acquired European operations.  The Company utilized both these lines of 
credit during 1994.  The initial borrowings for the acquisition under 
the domestic line of credit were repaid during the year and the line was 
subsequently utilized for working capital requirements.  The foreign 
line was utilized throughout the year.  The amount of debt outstanding 
at April 29, 1994 under both lines of credit was $14.3 million.  In 
addition to the committed lines of credit, the Company also has 
uncommitted lines totaling $44.0 million.  There was nothing outstanding 
under the uncommitted lines at April 29, 1994.  The Company is in 
compliance with all covenants of its lines of credit.

The acquisition of the Philips operations required a significant 
financial commitment by the Company.  The cash flow from operations was 
impacted by the costs of the acquisition and the required funding of the 
working capital needs of the new European operations.  The Company 
expects to utilize the lines of credit to fund working capital and 
capital expenditure requirements during fiscal year 1995.  Cash flow 
from operations should be sufficient to allow these lines to be repaid 
in fiscal 1996.

The increase in international operations has increased the Company's 
risk to fluctuation in foreign currency rates.  The increase in assets 
and cash flows denominated in foreign currency now represent a 
significant part of the Company's assets and cash flows.  The Company 
has a foreign currency hedging program that reduces this risk.  However, 
the risk can not be eliminated and the Company monitors this closely.

Capital expenditures were $13.1 million in 1994, $6.2 million in 1993 
and $9.3 million in 1992.  The addition of the European operations did 
not substantially increase the capital expenditure requirements of the 
Company.  The budgeted capital expenditures for 1995 are approximately 
$13 million.  Expenditures are primarily for manufacturing and research 
and development equipment.

The Company's accounts receivable of $70.5 million was much higher at 
April 29, 1994 than the $27.5 million at April 30, 1993.  This is due 
primarily to the addition of the European customer base and to the 
longer sales terms in most of Europe than in the United States.  This 
will have a slightly negative impact on the Company's cash flow.

The Company continued its cash dividend policy with cash dividends of 
$0.13 per share in each quarter of 1994.  The Company made $4.0 million 
in dividend payments in 1994.


<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                FLUKE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in thousands except shares and per share amounts)
<CAPTION>
                                                    April 29, 1994  April 30, 1993  Sept. 25, 1992
<S>                                                       <C>             <C>             <C>
ASSETS
Current Assets
  Cash and cash equivalents                               $  6,520        $ 24,415        $ 16,373
  Accounts receivable (less allowances:
     1994-$586; 1993-$476; 1992-$406)                       70,510          27,526          43,734
  Inventories                                               54,365          47,244          43,292
  Deferred income taxes                                     13,109           6,686           7,313
  Prepaid expenses                                           9,914           5,051           3,128
     Total Current Assets                                  154,418         110,922         113,840

Property, Plant and Equipment
  Land                                                       6,181           6,181           6,121
  Buildings                                                 46,661          46,434          46,080
  Machinery and equipment                                   93,406          87,868          86,317
  Construction in progress                                   2,440           2,317           2,221
                                                           148,688         142,800         140,739
  Less accumulated depreciation                            (88,412)        (87,709)        (84,629)
     Net Property, Plant and Equipment                      60,276          55,091          56,110
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets                        24,995             ---             ---
Other Assets                                                 5,913           6,074           5,856
Total Assets                                              $245,602        $172,087        $175,806

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current Liabilities
  Short-term debt                                              ---             ---        $    781
  Accounts payable                                        $ 19,413        $  6,673           7,521
  Accrued liabilities                                       35,454          14,107          18,194
  Accrued liabilities related to restructuring                 676           5,414           6,799
  Income taxes payable                                         665             307             470
  Current maturities of long-term
    obligations                                                235              57             292
  Total Current Liabilities                                 56,443          26,558          34,057
Long-Term Obligations                                       14,712              34             391
Deferred Income Taxes                                        9,152           6,604           8,137
Other Liabilities                                            7,466           3,704           3,757
     Total Liabilities                                      87,773          36,900          46,342
Stockholders' Equity
  Preferred stock, $0.25 par value (authorized
     2,000,000 shares, issued Series A Convertible
     Preferred Stock, zero shares in 1994 and 
     78,462 shares in 1993 and 1992)                           ---              20              20
  Common stock, $0.25 par value (authorized
     20,000,000 shares, issued including
     repurchased and nonvested shares, 8,807,391)            2,202           2,202           2,202
  Additional paid-in capital                                81,081          96,072          96,047
  Retained earnings                                         96,553          91,856          86,901
                                                           179,836         190,150         185,170
  Less repurchased shares, at cost                         (19,542)        (54,263)        (54,444)
  Less nonvested shares                                       (362)           (700)         (1,262)
  Cumulative translation adjustment                         (2,103)            ---             ---
     Total Stockholders' Equity                            157,829         135,187         129,464
Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                $245,602        $172,087        $175,806
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                   FLUKE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
(in thousands except shares and per share amounts)
<CAPTION>
                                                 For the   For the seven         For the         For the
                                              year ended    months ended      year ended      year ended
                                          April 29, 1994  April 30, 1993  Sept. 25, 1992  Sept. 27, 1991
<S>                                           <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Revenues                                        $357,904        $132,139        $271,819        $239,651
Cost of Goods Sold                               182,475          72,167         149,776         129,095
Gross Margin                                     175,429          59,972         122,043         110,556
Operating Expenses
  Marketing and administrative                   123,606          42,986          79,197          75,213
  Research and development                        34,952          13,671          22,515          22,051
  Restructuring                                      ---             ---             ---          10,800
     Total Operating Expenses                    158,558          56,657         101,712         108,064
Operating Income                                  16,871           3,315          20,331           2,492
Nonoperating Expenses (Income)
  Interest expense                                 1,529              24             254              62
  Other                                            1,262            (666)         (1,109)         (1,011)
     Total Nonoperating Expenses (Income)          2,791            (642)           (855)           (949)
Income Before Income Taxes and 
  Cumulative Effect of Changes in 
  Accounting Principles                           14,080           3,957          21,186           3,441
Provision for Income Taxes                         5,280           1,116           5,982             236
Income Before Cumulative Effect of
  Changes in Accounting Principles                 8,800           2,841          15,204           3,205
Cumulative Effect on Prior Years
  (to September 26, 1992) of a Change
  in Accounting for Inventory, Net of Tax            ---           2,423             ---             ---
Cumulative Effect on Prior Years
  (to September 26, 1992) of a Change
  in  Accounting for Income Taxes                    ---           1,479             ---             ---
Net Income                                      $  8,800        $  6,743        $ 15,204        $  3,205

Per Share Amounts:
Income Before Cumulative Effect of
  Changes in Accounting Principles              $   1.10        $   0.40        $   2.16        $   0.46
Cumulative Effect of Accounting Changes:
  Accounting for inventory                           ---        $   0.34             ---             ---
  Accounting for income taxes                        ---        $   0.21             ---             ---
Earnings Per Share                              $   1.10        $   0.95        $   2.16        $   0.46
Average Shares and Share Equivalents
  Outstanding                                  8,031,696       7,069,463       7,033,695       6,943,941
Pro Forma Amounts Assuming the Change
  in Accounting for Inventory is 
  Applied Retroactively:
Net Income                                      $  8,800        $  4,320        $ 14,938        $  3,156
Earnings Per Share                              $   1.10        $   0.61        $   2.12        $   0.45
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                  FLUKE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands except shares and per share amounts)
<CAPTION>
                                                 For the   For the seven         For the         For the
                                              year ended    months ended      year ended      year ended
                                          April 29, 1994  April 30, 1993  Sept. 25, 1992  Sept. 27, 1991
<S>                                              <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Operating Activities
Net income                                      $  8,800         $ 6,743         $15,204        $  3,205
Items not affecting cash: 
  Change in accounting principles                    ---          (3,902)            ---             ---
  Depreciation and amortization                   17,071           7,091          11,460          10,752
  Deferred income tax                              2,381             573              47          (2,697)
  Accrued pension expense                         (1,162)            103            (837)           (192)
  Stock awards                                       376             222             680             860
  Loss (gain) on disposal of property,
    plant and equipment                              242             104              18             (39)
  Provision for restructuring                        ---             ---             ---          10,800
Net change in:
  Accounts receivable                            (45,023)         16,208            (104)         (4,910)
  Inventories                                      4,580          (2,257)           (887)          1,749
  Prepaid expenses                                (2,356)         (1,923)           (752)          1,582
  Accounts payable                                12,998            (848)         (2,138)          3,181
  Accrued liabilities                              5,791          (3,800)          1,561           2,070
  Accrued liabilities related to restructuring       892            (726)         (1,285)           (254)
  Income taxes payable                               394            (109)             25             277
  Other assets and liabilities                     2,023            (895)           (299)         (2,334)
     Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities     7,007          16,584          22,693          24,050
Investing Activities
Additions to property, plant and equipment       (13,050)         (6,161)         (9,337)        (10,112)
Proceeds from disposal of property,
  plant and equipment                                180             575             324             455
Purchase of Philips test and measurement
  business                                       (26,056)            ---             ---             ---
Purchase of Summation, Inc., net of
  cash acquired                                      ---             ---             ---          (1,442)
  Net Cash Used By Investing Activities          (38,926)         (5,586)         (9,013)        (11,099)
Financing Activities
Proceeds from short-term debt                      2,329             775           3,257          14,901
Payments on short-term debt                       (2,329)         (1,556)         (3,180)        (17,269)
Proceeds from long-term obligations               47,879             ---             ---             ---
Payments on long-term obligations                (33,023)           (592)           (261)           (518)
Repurchase of common stock                           ---             ---             ---          (3,317)
Repurchase of preferred stock                        ---             ---            (252)            ---
Cash dividends paid                               (3,970)         (1,719)         (3,153)         (2,627)
Other financing activities, net                      222             136             626             219
  Net Cash Provided (Used) By Financing
    Activities                                    11,108          (2,956)         (2,963)         (8,611)
Effect of Foreign Currency Exchange Rates
  on Cash and Cash Equivalents                     2,916             ---             ---             ---

Net Increase (Decrease) In Cash and Cash
  Equivalents                                    (17,895)          8,042          10,717           4,340
Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning
  of Period                                       24,415          16,373           5,656           1,316
Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of
  Period                                        $  6,520         $24,415         $16,373        $  5,656
Supplemental Cash Flow Information:
  Income taxes paid                             $  5,142         $   826         $ 5,544        $  3,258
  Interest paid                                 $  1,529         $    24         $   254        $     62
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                               FLUKE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
(in thousands except shares)
<CAPTION>
                                                       Number of               Par              Par                   
                                                          Common          Value of         Value of         Additional
                                                          Shares         Preferred           Common            Paid-In
                                                     Outstanding             Stock            Stock            Capital
<S>                                                   <C>                      <C>           <C>               <C>    
Balance, September 28, 1990                            6,513,408              $ 20           $2,202            $96,867
Net income                                                                                                            
Issuance of shares under stock award plans                26,779                                                  (151)
Vesting of 41,933 shares under stock award plans                                                                      
Cash dividends declared                                                                                               
Income tax charge for stock award plans                                                                           (114)
Repurchase of common shares                             (256,300)                                                     
Sale of shares under employee stock purchase plan          8,290                                                   (40)
Exercise of stock options                                  4,000                                                   (25)
Balance, September 27, 1991                            6,296,177              $ 20           $2,202            $96,537
Net income                                                                                                            
Forfeiture of shares under stock award plans              (1,942)                                                   10
Vesting of 41,516 shares under stock award plans                                                                      
Cash dividends declared                                                                                               
Income tax benefit from stock award plans                                                                           60
Repurchase of 1,538 preferred shares                                                                              (252)
Exercise of stock options                                 40,400                                                  (308)
Balance, September 25, 1992                            6,334,635              $ 20           $2,202            $96,047
Net income                                                                                                            
Issuance of shares under stock award plans                   220                                                    11
Vesting of 27,394 shares under stock award plans                                                                      
Cash dividends declared                                                                                               
Income tax benefit from stock award plans                                                                           54
Exercise of stock options                                  7,600                                                   (40)
Balance, April 30, 1993                                6,342,455              $ 20           $2,202            $96,072
Net income                                                                                                            
Forfeiture of shares under stock award plans              (5,109)                                                  145
Vesting of 17,117 shares under stock award plans                                                                      
Issuance of shares for acquisition                     1,000,000                                                (1,450)
Conversion of preferred shares                           538,144               (20)                            (13,361)
Cash dividends declared                                                                                               
Income tax benefit from stock award plans                                                                           30
Exercise of stock options                                 23,200                                                  (355)
Net translation loss                                                                                                  
Balance, April 29, 1994                                7,898,690               ---           $2,202            $81,081
<PAGE>
                                               FLUKE CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (continued)
(in thousands except shares)
<CAPTION>
                                                                       Repurchased
                                                                               and       Cumulative              Total
                                                        Retained         Nonvested      Translation       Stockholders'
                                                        Earnings            Shares       Adjustment             Equity
<S>                                                      <C>               <C>               <C>              <C>    
Balance, September 28, 1990                              $74,533          $(55,556)             ---           $118,066
Net income                                                 3,205                                                 3,205
Issuance of shares under stock award plans                                     151                                 ---
Vesting of 41,933 shares under stock award plans                               953                                 953
Cash dividends declared                                   (2,747)                                               (2,747)
Income tax charge for stock award plans                                                                           (114)
Repurchase of common shares                                                 (3,317)                             (3,317)
Sale of shares under employee stock purchase plan                              192                                 152
Exercise of stock options                                                       92                                  67
Balance, September 27, 1991                              $74,991          $(57,485)             ---           $116,265
Net income                                                15,204                                                15,204
Forfeiture of shares under stock award plans                                   (10)                                ---
Vesting of 41,516 shares under stock award plans                               855                                 855
Cash dividends declared                                   (3,294)                                               (3,294)
Income tax benefit from stock award plans                                                                           60
Repurchase of 1,538 preferred shares                                                                              (252)
Exercise of stock options                                                      934                                 626
Balance, September 25, 1992                              $86,901          $(55,706)             ---           $129,464
Net income                                                 6,743                                                 6,743
Issuance of shares under stock award plans                                     (11)                                ---
Vesting of 27,394 shares under stock award plans                               578                                 578
Cash dividends declared                                   (1,788)                                               (1,788)
Income tax benefit from stock award plans                                                                           54
Exercise of stock options                                                      176                                 136
Balance, April 30, 1993                                  $91,856          $(54,963)             ---           $135,187
Net income                                                 8,800                                                 8,800
Forfeiture of shares under stock award plans                                  (145)                                ---
Vesting of 17,117 shares under stock award plans                               352                                 352
Issuance of shares for acquisition                                          20,894                              19,444
Conversion of preferred shares                                              13,381                                 ---
Cash dividends declared                                   (4,103)                                               (4,103)
Income tax benefit from stock award plans                                                                           30
Exercise of stock options                                                      577                                 222
Net translation loss                                                                         (2,103)            (2,103)
Balance, April 29, 1994                                  $96,553          $(19,904)         $(2,103)          $157,829
</TABLE>
The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements.
<PAGE>
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

ACCOUNTING PERIOD.  Fluke Corporation utilizes a 52/53-week fiscal year 
ending on the last Friday in April.  In 1993, the Company changed its fiscal 
year-end to the last Friday in April.  Fiscal 1993 was a seven-month 
transition period ending on April 30, 1993.  Prior to fiscal 1993, the 
Company utilized a 52/53-week fiscal year ending on the last Friday in 
September.  The accompanying financial statements include audited 
consolidated financial statements for the seven-month transition period 
ended April 30, 1993.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION.  The consolidated financial statements include 
the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.  All significant 
intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated.

REVENUE RECOGNITION.  Revenue is recognized at the time product is shipped 
or service is rendered to an unaffiliated customer.  Revenue from service 
contracts is recognized ratably over the lives of the contracts.

TRANSLATION OF FOREIGN CURRENCIES.  The local currency is deemed to be the 
functional currency in most of the Company's foreign operations.  In these 
operations, translation gains and losses resulting from converting the local 
financial statements to U.S. dollar financial statements are recorded in the 
Cumulative Translation Adjustment account in the equity section of the 
balance sheet.  In the remaining foreign operations, the U.S. dollar is 
deemed to be the functional currency.  In these operations, translation 
gains or losses are included in the statements of income.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS.  Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand 
and highly liquid, short-term investments with an original maturity of less 
than three months.

INVENTORIES.  Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market with 
cost being currently adjusted standard cost, which approximates cost on a 
first-in, first-out basis.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT.  Property, plant and equipment, including 
improvements and major renewals, are stated at cost.  Maintenance and 
repairs are expensed as incurred.  Depreciation is calculated over the 
estimated useful lives of the related assets on the straight-line basis for 
financial statement purposes, while an accelerated method is generally used 
for income tax purposes.

INCOME TAXES.  The provision for income taxes is computed on pretax income 
reported in the financial statements.  The provision differs from income 
taxes currently payable because certain items of income and expense are 
recognized in different periods for financial statement and tax return 
purposes.  Deferred income taxes have been recorded using the liability 
method in recognition of these temporary differences.  The Company has 
provided for U.S. and foreign taxes on all of the undistributed earnings of 
its foreign subsidiaries that are expected to be repatriated.

EARNINGS PER SHARE.  Earnings per share is based on the weighted average 
number of common shares and share equivalents outstanding during the fiscal 
year.  Stock options are considered common stock equivalents and their 
dilutive effect is included in the earnings per share calculation.  In the 
periods they were outstanding, the shares of Series A Convertible Preferred 
Stock were considered common stock equivalents.

NOTE 2 ACQUISITION OF PHILIPS T&M BUSINESS

On May 26, 1993, the Company completed the acquisition of the test and 
measurement business of Philips Electronics N.V. of the Netherlands 
(Philips) with an effective date of May 1, 1993.  Since 1987, the 
Company and Philips had a strategic alliance pursuant to which Philips 
sold the Company's products in Europe and other selected markets and the 
Company sold Philips' products in North America and other selected 
markets.  The alliance also included joint product development and 
technology agreements.

As the alliance evolved, it became evident to both companies that the best 
way to leverage the talents of each company was to merge the businesses and 
operate under one management.  This led to the Company's purchase of the 
Philips test and measurement business.

The Company acquired manufacturing operations in the Netherlands, 
engineering groups in the Netherlands and Germany and sales and service 
operations in fourteen European countries.  The headquarters of the 
Company's Diagnostic Tools Division is in Almelo, the Netherlands.  The 
division is responsible for ScopeMeter test tools, oscilloscope, function 
generator and logic analyzer product lines.  The European sales and service 
headquarters is located in Eindhoven, the Netherlands.  The acquisition 
added approximately $105 million in annual worldwide revenues in fiscal 
1994.  The acquisition increased the number of employees of the Company by 
over 900 people.

The purchase price for the Philips test and measurement business was 
approximately $41.8 million in cash and stock.  The cash portion was 
financed with the Company's cash and utilization of a portion of its $55.0 
million lines of credit obtained specifically to finance the acquisition.  
The stock component consisted of one million shares of the Company's common 
stock, which were issued from repurchased shares.  The Series A Convertible 
Preferred Stock that Philips owned was converted to common shares at the 
rate stated in the preferred stock agreement, or 538,144 shares of common 
stock.  After the transaction, Philips owned 1,538,144 shares of the 
Company's common stock, or approximately 19.5 percent of the shares 
outstanding.  There are restrictions on Philips' ability to sell the shares, 
and the Company has the option to buy the shares before they can be offered 
for sale to a third party.  Accordingly, the stock was recorded at a 15 
percent discount from the market value at date of issue.  Subsequent to 
April 29, 1994, Philips offered for sale 150,000 shares, as allowed under 
the agreement.  The Company exercised its right to purchase the shares at a 
price of $30.53 per share for a total of $4.6 million.


The Company recorded the acquisition under the purchase method of 
accounting.  The components of the purchase price are as follows:
<TABLE>
(in thousands except per share amounts)
<S>                                                                    <C>
One million shares of the Company's common stock,
     at a fair value of $19.44 per share                               $19,444
Net cash paid for purchase                                              22,365
Purchase price                                                          41,809

Acquisition costs                                                        3,700

Purchase price and related acquisition costs                           $45,509

The allocation of the purchase price is as follows:

(in thousands)

Inventory                                                              $15,800
Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                2,668
Plant, machinery and equipment                                           6,801
Intangible assets                                                        7,700

Deferred tax assets
     Gross value                                                        27,297
     less:  valuation reserve                                          (18,000)
     Net value                                                           9,297

Deferred tax liability                                                  (3,001)
Accrued expenses and other liabilities                                 (14,573)
Goodwill                                                                20,817

Purchase price and related acquisition costs                           $45,509
</TABLE>
Pro forma data combines the financial results of the Company and the Philips 
test and measurement business as if they had been combined at the beginning 
of the periods presented.  Pro forma data is not necessarily indicative of 
what the actual results would have been or indicative of futures results.  
Pro forma data for the transition period ended April 30, 1993 and the year 
ended September 25, 1992 are presented below:

Pro Forma Data (unaudited)
<TABLE>
in thousands except per share amounts
<CAPTION>
                                                           Transition Period           Year Ended
                                                        ended April 30, 1993   September 25, 1992 <F1>
<S>                                                                 <C>                  <C>
Revenues                                                            $207,704             $429,219
Income before cumulative effects of accounting changes              $  2,880             $ 21,263
Earnings per share                                                  $   0.41             $   2.65

<FN>
<F1>  Pro forma 1992 data is compiled using historical Philips data for the 
year ended December 31, 1992 and historical data of the Company for the year 
ended September 25, 1992.
</TABLE>

The pro forma consolidated financial results include pro forma adjustments 
for an increase in interest expense due to borrowings used to finance both 
the acquisition and the working capital requirements of the acquired 
European operations and amortization of intangible assets acquired and of 
costs in excess of net assets acquired.

As part of the acquisition, the Company entered into service agreements and 
facility leases with Philips related to the European operations.  The 
Company paid Philips $18.3 million for such services and facilities lease 
rent during fiscal 1994.  In addition, the Company purchased $16.5 million 
of component parts and finished goods from Philips during fiscal 1994.  
Before the completion of the acquisition in fiscal 1994, aggregate sales and 
purchases with Philips totaled approximately $31.3 million in the seven 
months ended April 30, 1993, $71.5 million in 1992 and $53.0 million in 
1991.  Amounts included in accounts receivable that were due from Philips 
were approximately $3.1 million in 1993 and $7.6 million in 1992.  Amounts 
included in accounts payable that were due to Philips were approximately 
$2.0 million in 1993 and $3.0 million in 1992.

NOTE 3 RESTRUCTURING

In 1991, the Company accrued $10.8 million in connection with the 
announcement of a Board-approved restructuring initiative.  This resulted in 
an after-tax charge of $6.9 million or $1.00 per share.  The Company is 
focusing its current efforts on the compact, professional electronic test 
tools market, which necessitates discontinuing products and internal 
processes that are not consistent with that objective.

These restructuring activities have been essentially completed.  As part of 
the restructuring initiative, the Company discontinued or sold its signal 
generator line, touch screen line, controller lines, most of its digital 
test tool (board test) line and other smaller product lines.  Charges 
against the restructuring accrual have included inventory and fixed asset 
write-offs for discontinued product lines, the costs of consolidating the 
U.S. sales and service operations, and severance payments.

<TABLE>
NOTE 4 INVENTORIES
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                   April 29, 1994     April 30, 1993     September 25, 1992
<S>                                       <C>                <C>                    <C>
Finished goods                            $17,904            $17,678                $14,932
Work-in-process                            10,390             11,735                 11,720
Purchased parts and materials              26,071             17,831                 16,640
Total Inventories                         $54,365            $47,244                $43,292
</TABLE>

Effective in fiscal 1993, the Company changed its method of applying 
overhead costs to inventories.  Previously, all overhead costs were applied 
to inventory during the production process based on various methods such as 
labor or machine hours.  Under the new method, certain overhead costs are 
applied to purchased parts at the time inventory is received based on 
related procurement activities, and the remaining overhead costs are applied 
to inventory during the production process.  The change was made to improve 
the valuation of inventory by applying overhead costs to inventory as the 
costs are incurred.  The change in accounting for inventory is recorded as a 
cumulative effect of a change in an accounting principle, which had the 
effect of increasing 1993 net income by $2.4 million (net of income tax in 
the amount of $952,000).  This change had no significant impact on 1993 
income before cumulative effect of accounting changes.  The financial 
statements have not been restated to reflect this accounting change; 
however, pro forma information, as if the change were made retroactively, is 
shown on the Consolidated Statements of Income.

<TABLE>
NOTE 5 ACCRUED LIABILITIES
(In thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                       April 29, 1994     April 30, 1993     September 25, 1992
<S>                                           <C>                <C>                    <C>
Compensation payable                          $ 9,674            $ 5,365                $ 6,202
Retirement plans contributions payable            960                476                    698
Self-insurance plan                             1,003              1,043                  1,094
Accrued expenses                               15,619              4,105                  3,818
Unearned service revenue                        2,358              1,160                  1,059
Other taxes payable                             3,913                784                  2,364
Profit-sharing bonus payable                      693                ---                  1,942
Dividends payable                               1,027                895                    825
Other items                                       207                279                    192
Total Accrued Liabilities                     $35,454            $14,107                $18,194
</TABLE>

NOTE 6 GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair market 
value of the net assets acquired in the purchase of the Philips test and 
measurement business.  The goodwill is being amortized on a straight-line 
basis over twenty years.  The Company owns intangible assets, most of which 
were acquired in the purchase of the Philips test and measurement business. 
These intangible assets are being amortized over five years.  The 
accumulated amortization of goodwill and intangible assets at April 29, 1994 
was $1.0 million and $1.6 million, respectively.  Amortization expense is 
recorded in nonoperating expense.

NOTE 7 INCOME TAXES

Effective September 26, 1992, the Company adopted Statement of Financial 
Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income taxes."  Adoption of 
Statement No. 109 required the Company to change from the deferred method to 
the liability method of accounting for deferred income taxes.  Under the 
liability method, deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of 
temporary differences between carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for 
financial reporting and the amounts used for tax purposes.  Deferred income 
taxes are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in 
effect when the differences are expected to reverse.  Prior to the adoption 
of Statement No. 109, income tax expense was determined using the deferred 
method.  Deferred tax expense was based on items of income and expense that 
were reported in different years in the financial statements and tax returns 
and was measured at the tax rate in effect in the year the difference 
originated.

As permitted by Statement No. 109, the Company elected to record the 
cumulative effect of adopting the Statement and not restate the financial 
statements of prior years.  The cumulative effect of the change increased 
net income in 1993 by $1.5 million or $0.21 per share.

Significant components of the Company's deferred tax assets and liabilities 
as of April 29, 1994, April 30, 1993 and September 25, 1992 are as follows:
<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                              April 1994           April 1993      September 1992
<S>                                              <C>                   <C>                 <C>
Deferred Tax Assets:
  Accrued restructuring costs                   $    237               $1,841             $ 2,312
  Accrued employee benefit expenses                4,457                1,639               1,674
  Inventory adjustments                            4,301                1,831               1,774
  Net operating loss carryforward
    of acquired company                           21,911                  491                 532
  Product warranty accruals                          525                  486                 425
  Foreign tax credit carryforwards                  ---                  927                1,056
  Other items, net                                   259                  398                 333

Total Deferred Tax Assets                         31,690                7,613               8,106
  Valuation reserve                              (18,582)                (927)             (1,056)
Net Deferred Tax Assets                         $ 13,108               $6,686              $7,050
Deferred Tax Liabilities:
  Fixed asset basis differences                 $  5,774               $5,403             $ 5,366
  Foreign tax accruals and adjustments               231                  596               1,029
  Pension                                          1,078                  311                 ---
  Intangible assets                                2,057                  ---                 ---
  Other items, net                                    12                  294                 ---
Total Deferred Tax Liabilities                  $  9,152               $6,604             $ 6,395
</TABLE>

For financial reporting purposes, income before income taxes is as follows:

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                 For the        For the seven              For the         For the
                                              year ended         months ended           year ended      year ended
                                              April 1994           April 1993       September 1992  September 1991
<S>                                              <C>                   <C>                 <C>              <C>
U.S.                                             $13,681               $3,239              $20,201          $2,250
Foreign                                              399                  718                  985           1,191
                                                 $14,080               $3,957              $21,186          $3,441
</TABLE>
The provision for income taxes is as follows:
<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                      LIABILITY METHOD                       DEFERRED METHOD
                                                 For the        For the seven              For the         For the
                                              year ended         months ended           year ended      year ended
                                              April 1994           April 1993       September 1992  September 1991
<S>                                               <C>                  <C>                  <C>             <C>
Current taxes on income:
  U.S.                                            $1,791               $  199               $5,270         $ 2,263
  Foreign                                            986                  344                  665             670
                                                   2,777                  543                5,935           2,933
Deferred income taxes                              2,503                  573                   47          (2,697)
                                                  $5,280               $1,116               $5,982         $   236
</TABLE>

The difference between the April 30, 1993 net deferred tax assets and the 
April 29, 1994 net deferred tax assets is not equal to the 1994 deferred 
income tax provision primarily due to the net deferred tax assets recorded 
on May 1, 1993 in connection with the acquisition of the Philips test and 
measurement business.  In addition, the change in the deferred tax asset 
valuation reserve is comprised of a decrease in the reserve due to the 
realization of foreign tax credits and an increase due to the acquisition of 
foreign net operating losses.  The acquired foreign net operating losses 
have an unlimited carryover period.

The deferred income tax provision (benefit) under the deferred method was as 
follows:
<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                                                              DEFERRED METHOD
                                                                                           For the         For the
                                                                                        year ended      year ended
                                                                                    September 1992  September 1991
<S>                                                                                         <C>             <C>
Deferred income taxes:
  Difference between book and tax depreciation                                              $  308         $   (28)
  Inventory adjustments                                                                       (855)            349
  Accrued employee benefit expenses                                                            248             493
  Repatriation of foreign earnings, net of foreign tax credit                                 (551)              3
  Accrued restructuring costs                                                                1,277          (3,542)
  Other items, net                                                                            (380)             28
                                                                                            $   47         $(2,697)
</TABLE>
A reconciliation from the U.S. statutory rate to the effective tax rate is 
as follows:
<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                  LIABILITY METHOD                                  DEFERRED METHOD
                                            For the             For the seven                For the                  For the
                                          year ended            months ended               year ended               year ended
                                          April 1994             April 1993              September 1992           September 1991
                                       Amount   Percent        Amount   Percent         Amount   Percent         Amount   Percent

<S>                                    <C>       <C>           <C>        <C>           <C>        <C>           <C>        <C>
Tax at U.S. statutory rate            $ 4,928     35.0%        $1,345      34.0%        $7,203      34.0%        $1,170      34.0%
Foreign tax greater (less)
  than U.S. statutory rate              1,765     12.5             (5)     (0.1)           161       0.7            203       5.9
Utilization of foreign tax credits     (1,538)   (10.9)          (129)     (3.3)          (956)     (4.5)          (410)    (11.9)
Foreign Sales Corporation tax benefit    (321)    (2.3)          (107)     (2.7)          (592)     (2.8)          (638)    (18.5)
State taxes, net of federal benefit       222      1.6             53       1.3            333       1.6             47       1.3
Nondeductible goodwill                    123      0.9            ---       ---            ---       ---            ---       ---
Other items, net                          101      0.7            (41)     (1.0)          (167)     (0.8)          (136)     (3.9)
                                      $ 5,280     37.5%        $1,116      28.2%        $5,982      28.2%         $ 236       6.9%

</TABLE>

NOTE 8 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS

The expense related to employee benefit plans is as follows:
<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                 For the        For the seven              For the          For the
                                              year ended         months ended           year ended       year ended
                                              April 1994           April 1993       September 1992   September 1991
<S>                                               <C>                  <C>                  <C>              <C>
Pension Plan, U.S.                                $1,147               $  738               $  901           $1,416
Pension Plans, Foreign                             1,519                  139                  210              173
Profit-sharing Retirement Plan                       652                  303                  859              719
Profit-sharing Bonus Plan                          1,296                  ---                3,834            2,472
Supplemental Retirement Plan                         437                  227                  392              315
Stock Award Plans                                    376                  180                  680              861
Performance Award Plans                              ---                  ---                   82              231
Administrative expenses of U.S.
  benefit plans                                      571                  314                  486              393
Total Employee Benefit Plans                      $5,998               $1,901               $7,444           $6,580
</TABLE>

PENSION PLAN, U.S.  The Company's U.S. pension plan includes all U.S. 
employees with a minimum of one year of service.  Pension benefits are based 
upon years of service with the Company and the highest sixty months' average 
compensation earned.  The Company's funding policy is to contribute annually 
the amount required by ERISA.

Net periodic U.S. pension cost is as follows:

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                 For the        For the seven              For the         For the
                                              year ended         months ended           year ended      year ended
                                              April 1994           April 1993       September 1992  September 1991
<S>                                               <C>                  <C>                  <C>             <C>
Service cost                                     $ 1,917               $1,129              $ 1,813         $ 1,830
Interest cost                                      2,939                1,655                2,639           2,365
Return on plan assets                             (2,590)              (1,602)              (2,013)         (5,063)
Net amortization and deferral                     (1,119)                (444)              (1,538)          2,284
Net periodic pension cost                        $ 1,147               $  738              $   901         $ 1,416
</TABLE>

The funding status of the plan is as follows:

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                        April 29, 1994      April 30, 1993      September 25, 1992
<S>                                                            <C>                 <C>                     <C>
Vested benefit obligation                                     $ 30,520             $23,400                 $21,570
Accumulated benefit obligation                                $ 31,266             $24,187                 $22,324
Projected benefit obligation                                  $ 40,925             $33,724                 $31,660
Fair market value of plan assets                                32,968              30,809                  29,033
Projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets            7,957               2,915                   2,627
Prior service cost                                                 314                (828)                   (891)
Unrecognized net loss                                          (11,740)             (5,140)                 (4,346)
Unrecognized net transition asset                                1,493               2,032                   2,347
Additional minimum liability                                        94                 112                     ---
Prepaid pension liability                                     $ (1,882)            $  (909)                $  (263)
</TABLE>

The weighted average discount rate was 8.0 percent in 1994 and 9.0 percent 
in 1993, 1992 and 1991, and the rate of increase in future compensation 
levels used in determining the actuarial present value of the projected 
benefit obligation was 3.0 percent in 1994 and 5.0 percent in 1993, 1992 and 
1991.  The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets was 10.8 percent 
in 1994 and 11.0 percent in 1993 and 1992.  Upon adoption of Statement of 
Financial Accounting Standards No. 87 in 1988, the plan had an excess of 
plan assets, including accrued contributions, over projected benefit 
obligations (net transition asset) of $5.0 million.  The net transition 
asset is being amortized over a period of 9.3 years.

All of the plan's assets are stated at fair market value and consist 
primarily of common stock, fixed income securities and cash equivalents.

PENSION PLANS, FOREIGN.  The Company has various pension plans covering its 
foreign employees.  Most of these plans are defined contribution plans and 
are fully funded.  The expense for these plans was $620,000 in 1994.  The 
remaining plans qualify for accounting under the rules of Statement of 
Financial Accounting Standards No. 87 (SFAS 87), "Accounting for Pensions." 
The tables below include only those international pension plans which 
qualify for SFAS 87 treatment.

Net periodic pension expense of foreign plans under SFAS No. 87 is as 
follows:

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                               For the 
                                                            year ended 
                                                            April 1994 
<S>                                                             <C>    
Service cost                                                    $  792 
Interest cost                                                    1,000 
Return on plan assets                                             (893)
Net periodic pension cost                                       $  899 
</TABLE>


<PAGE>
The funding status of the plans is as follows:

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                        April 29, 1994 
<S>                                                            <C>     
Vested benefit obligation                                      $10,357 
Accumulated benefit obligation                                 $11,011 
Projected benefit obligation                                   $16,533 
Fair market value of plan assets                                14,315 
Projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets            2,218 
Unrecognized net loss                                             (290)
Accrued pension liability                                      $ 1,928 
</TABLE>

The weighted average discount rate varied from 6.5 percent to 7.0 percent 
and the rate of increase in future compensation levels used in determining 
the actuarial present values of the projected benefit obligation varied from 
3.0 percent to 5.0 percent. The long-term rate of return on plan assets was 
6.5 percent.

PROFIT-SHARING RETIREMENT PLAN.  The Company has a profit-sharing retirement 
plan for all U.S. employees, which provides immediate eligibility and 
vesting.  The Company matches the employees' salary deferrals under section 
401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, subject to certain profitability and 
dollar limits.

PROFIT-SHARING BONUS PLAN.  The Company has a profit-sharing bonus plan, 
which generally provides semiannual cash payments to certain employees.  The 
amount of each eligible employee's bonus is dependent upon their base salary 
in relation to the total base salary of all eligible employees and the 
operating performance of the Company.  No profit-sharing bonus was paid for 
1993.

SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT PLAN.  The Company has a supplemental retirement 
plan for key executives providing for periodic payments upon retirement.  
The long-term liability under this plan was $2.6 million in 1994, $2.5 
million in 1993 and $2.6 million in 1992.

STOCK AWARD PLANS.  The Company has an Inventor Recognition Stock Award 
Plan, which is designed to award individuals responsible for developing 
technology that is incorporated into the Company's patents.  The Inventor 
Recognition Stock Award Plan provides for grants of restricted stock with a 
vesting period of two years.

The Company had a Key Contributor Stock Award Plan, which was designed to 
reward performance of employees other than senior management.  Restrictions 
on the stock lapsed equally over five years so that each year 20 percent of 
the shares granted in prior years became free of restrictions.  The fair 
market value of the stock at the date of grant established the compensation 
amount, which was amortized over the five-year vesting period.  The Key 
Contributor Stock Award Plan was discontinued in 1992 and was replaced with 
a nonqualified stock option program.

PERFORMANCE AWARD PLAN.  The Company had a long-term performance award plan, 
which provided cash awards to senior management based on three-year 
corporate performance.  The plan was discontinued in 1991 and final awards 
were paid in 1992.

The long-term liabilities of these benefit plans constitute the major 
portion of Other Liabilities on the Balance Sheet.

NOTE 9 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

REPURCHASED SHARES.  The balance in the repurchased shares account was 
908,701 shares in 1994, 2,464,936 in 1993 and 2,472,756 shares in 1992.

PREFERRED STOCK.  There are 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized, 
of which 250,000 shares have been designated Series A Convertible Preferred 
Stock.  On May 26, 1993, as part of the purchase of the Philips test and 
measurement business, the 78,462 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred 
Stock, which were owned by Philips, were converted into 538,144 shares of 
common stock.  The conversion rate was established in the original preferred 
stock agreement.  There were no shares of preferred stock outstanding at 
April 29, 1994.  There were 78,462 shares outstanding in 1993 and 1992.

STOCK PURCHASE PLAN.  The Company has a voluntary employee stock purchase 
plan for eligible employees.  The Company's contribution is 25 percent of 
the amount invested by the employee, plus all commissions and brokerage 
fees.  The Company's expenses related to the plan were $433,000 in 1994, 
$252,000 for the seven months ended April 30, 1993, $443,000 in 1992 and 
$430,000 in 1991.

DIVIDENDS.  The Company declared cash dividends of $0.52 per share in 1994, 
$0.26 per share in the seven months ended April 30, 1993, $0.48 per share in 
1992 and $0.40 per share in 1991.

STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN.  The Company has a Stockholder Rights Plan and 
issues one Right for each outstanding share of common stock. The Rights 
become exercisable only if a person or group (an "Acquiring Person") has 
acquired, or obtained the right to acquire, 25 percent or more of the 
outstanding shares of common stock of the Company or following the 
commencement of a tender or exchange offer for acquiring such same 
percentage.  In the event that a person or group becomes an Acquiring 
Person, each Right, upon exercise, will entitle its holder (except for an 
Acquiring Person) to receive common stock of the Company (or, in certain 
circumstances, cash, property or other securities of the Company) or of any 
company with which the Company shall have entered into certain transactions 
having a value equal to two times the exercise price of the Right.  In 
addition, under certain circumstances, the Continuing Directors can require 
that each Right (other than Rights held by an Acquiring Person) be exchanged 
for one share of common stock.  The Company may redeem the Rights for $0.01 
per Right at any time before they become exercisable.  The Rights do not 
entitle their holders to any voting or dividend rights and, at least until 
they become exercisable, have no dilutive effect on the earnings of the 
Company.  The plan was adopted to encourage a prospective acquirer of the 
Company to negotiate acquisition terms with the Board of Directors, 
including the Continuing Directors, to assure that the terms are in the best 
interests of the stockholders of the Company.

STOCK OPTIONS.  The Company has a 1988 and a 1990 Stock Incentive Plan.  
Stock options granted under the 1990 plan and those granted after 1989 under 
the 1988 plan are nonqualified stock options exercisable 40 percent after 
one year, 30 percent after three years and 30 percent after five years and 
expire ten years from the date of grant.  In addition, the Company has a 
Stock Option Plan for outside Directors, which was authorized in 1990 and 
annually grants nonqualified stock options to the Company's outside 
Directors.  Grants under this plan and those made in fiscal years 1988 and 
1989 under the 1988 Stock Incentive Plan are exercisable after one year and 
expire ten years from the date of grant.  All options are granted at the 
market value on the date of grant.  The Company makes no charge to income in 
connection with stock options.  Shares reserved for issuance under these 
stock option plans totaled 2,185,000 shares at April 29, 1994 and 1,285,000 
at April 30, 1993 and September 25, 1992, of which 1,018,550 shares, 337,900 
shares, and 460,300 shares, respectively, were available for options to be 
granted in the future.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Total Options        Price Range
<S>                                               <C>          <C>
Balance,
September 28, 1990 (145,900 options exercisable)     359,100   $11.88 to $25.75
  Granted                                            201,400   $16.63 to $20.38
  Terminated                                          (6,200)  $16.88 to $25.75
  Exercised                                           (4,000)            $16.88
Balance,
September 27, 1991 (229,500 options exercisable)     550,300   $11.88 to $25.75
  Granted                                            267,900   $23.81 to $30.75
  Terminated                                          (5,900)  $25.56 to $30.75
  Exercised                                          (40,400)  $11.88 to $25.75
Balance,
September 25, 1992 (204,600 options exercisable)     771,900   $11.88 to $30.75
  Granted                                            122,400   $26.00 to $26.81
  Exercised                                           (7,600)  $11.88 to $25.75
Balance,
April 30, 1993 (269,300 options exercisable)         886,700   $11.88 to $30.75
  Granted                                            246,300   $22.44 to $28.19
  Terminated                                         (26,950)  $11.88 to $30.75
  Exercised                                          (23,200)  $11.88 to $20.38
Balance,
April 29, 1994 (460,500 options exercisable)       1,082,850   $11.88 to $30.75

</TABLE>

NOTE 10 FINANCING AND COMMITMENTS

The Company has $55.0 million of three-year committed revolving lines of 
credit which were arranged specifically for the acquisition of the Philips 
test and measurement business.  These facilities are reduced in quarterly 
increments beginning in 1996.  The $55.0 million lines of credit include a 
$30.0 million facility to be used to finance the acquisition and corporate 
working capital requirements and a $25.0 million multicurrency facility to 
finance the working capital requirements of the European operations.  The 
committed lines of credit require certain working capital and other minimum 
financial requirements.  The Company is in compliance with all covenants on 
its lines of credit.  At April 29, 1994 there was $9.5 million outstanding 
from the $30 million facility and $4.8 million outstanding from the 
multicurrency facility.

The Company has $44.0 million in uncommitted lines of credit.  There was no 
debt outstanding under these lines at April 29, 1994 or April 30, 1993.  
Borrowings under these lines totaled $781,000 at September 25, 1992.  Long-
term obligations include capital lease obligations.

The Company's operating lease expense, including leases with a term of less 
than one year, was $6.9 million in 1994, ($2.6 million for the seven months 
ended April 30, 1993, $4.1 million in 1992 and $3.9 million in 1991).  The 
principal leases are for various sales offices, storage facilities, data 
processing equipment and automobiles.  Most facility leases have escalation 
clauses to cover increases in direct lease expenses.  Below is a schedule of 
future minimum lease payments under operating leases that have initial 
noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year as of April 29, 1994:

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
Fiscal Year                               Facilities     Equipment       Total
<S>                                           <C>           <C>        <C>
1995                                          $2,646        $1,547     $ 4,193
1996                                           2,026         1,116       3,142
1997                                           1,719           586       2,305
1998                                           1,392           306       1,698
1999                                             432           915       1,347
                                              $8,215        $4,470     $12,685
</TABLE>

NOTE 11 OPERATIONS BY GEOGRAPHIC AREAS

The Company is engaged in one line of business, the manufacture and sale of 
compact, professional electronic test tools.  In the schedule below, 
revenues are reported based on the location of the customer, while income 
before income taxes and assets are reported based on the location of the 
Company's facilities.  Intercompany transfers of products and services are 
made at arm's length between the various geographic areas.  Revenue is not 
recognized for financial statement purposes until there has been a sale to 
an unaffiliated customer.  Revenues from United States government agencies 
in the aggregate accounted for approximately 4.4 percent of consolidated 
revenues in 1994 (8.2 percent for the seven-month transition period ended 
April 30, 1993, 9.5 percent in 1992 and 10.0 percent in 1991).

<TABLE>
(in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                 For the   For the seven         For the         For the
                                              year ended    months ended      year ended      year ended
                                          April 29, 1994  April 30, 1993  Sept. 25, 1992  Sept. 27, 1991
<S>                                             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Revenues:
  United States                                 $168,230        $ 86,371        $179,429        $155,687
  Europe                                         137,275          17,220          39,932          36,573
  Other                                           52,399          28,548          52,458          47,391
Consolidated revenues                           $357,904        $132,139        $271,819        $239,651

Income before income taxes:
  United States                                 $ 20,699        $  6,300        $ 26,301        $ 17,627
  Europe                                             228             ---             ---             ---
  Other                                            1,158             718             985           1,190
  Corporate expense and eliminations <F1>         (8,005)         (3,061)         (6,100)        (15,376)
Consolidated income before income taxes         $ 14,080        $  3,957        $ 21,186        $  3,441

Assets:
  United States                                 $141,014        $164,402        $167,731        $157,051
  Europe                                         108,129             331             273             334
  Other                                           10,977           8,211           8,443           9,173
  Eliminations                                   (14,518)           (857)           (641)           (732)
Total Assets                                    $245,602        $172,087        $175,806        $165,826

<FN>
<F1> Corporate expense included $10.8 million in restructuring charges in 1991.
</TABLE>

NOTE 12 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Financial instruments, which potentially subject the Company to 
concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of trade receivables.  As 
of April 29, 1994, the Company had no significant concentrations of credit 
risk due to a large and diversified customer base spanning vast geographic 
areas.  At April 29, 1994, the Company had foreign exchange contracts for 
various foreign currencies totaling $2.0 million.

NOTE 13 CHANGE IN FISCAL YEAR-END

In 1993, the Company changed its fiscal year-end from the last Friday in 
September to the last Friday in April.  Fiscal 1993 was a seven-month 
transition period.  For comparative purposes, selected unaudited financial 
data for the seven-month period ended May 1, 1992 are presented below.

<TABLE>
(in thousands except shares and per share amounts)
<CAPTION>
                                                                   For the
                                                              seven months ended
                                                        April 30, 1993    May 1, 1992
                                                                           (unaudited)
<S>                                                         <C>            <C>
Revenues                                                      $132,139       $158,703
Operating Income                                              $  3,315       $ 12,411
Provision for Income Taxes                                    $  1,116       $  3,482
Income Before Cumulative Effect of Changes in
  Accounting Principles                                       $  2,841       $  8,948
Net Income                                                    $  6,743       $  8,948
Per Share Amounts:
  Income Before Cumulative Effect of Changes in
    Accounting Principles                                     $   0.40       $   1.28
  Earnings Per Share                                          $   0.95       $   1.28
Average Shares and Share Equivalents Outstanding             7,069,463      7,015,179
Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities                     $ 16,584       $ 13,799
Net Cash Used by Investing Activities                         $ (5,586)      $ (5,326)
Net Cash Used by Financing Activities                         $ (2,956)      $ (1,553)
Net Increase In Cash and Cash Equivalents                     $  8,042       $  6,920
</TABLE>

NOTE 14 CONTINGENCIES

The Company is subject to various pending and threatened legal actions that 
arise in the normal course of business.  In the opinion of management, 
liabilities arising from these claims, if any, will not have a material 
effect on the financial position of the Company.



<PAGE>
REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

Board of Directors and Stockholders
Fluke Corporation
Everett, Washington

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Fluke 
Corporation and subsidiaries as of April 29, 1994, April 30, 1993 and 
September 25, 1992, and the related consolidated statements of income, 
stockholders' equity and cash flows for the year ended April 29, 1994, the 
seven months ended April 30, 1993 and for each of the two years in the 
period ended September 25, 1992.  These financial statements are the 
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing 
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to 
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free 
of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis, 
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and 
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall 
financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a 
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, 
in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Fluke 
Corporation and subsidiaries at April 29, 1994, April 30, 1993 and September 
25, 1992, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash 
flows for the year ended April 29, 1994, the seven months ended April 30, 
1993 and for each of the two years in the period ended September 25, 1992, 
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in Note 4 and in Note 7 to the financial statements, in 1993 
the Company changed its method of applying overhead costs to inventory and 
its method of accounting for income taxes.

ERNST & YOUNG
Seattle, Washington
June 10, 1994


<PAGE>
REPORT OF MANAGEMENT

The management of Fluke Corporation (the Company) is responsible for the 
preparation and integrity of the Company's consolidated financial statements 
and related financial information.  The statements have been prepared in 
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles and include the 
best estimates and judgments of management.

The Company maintains a system of internal control, which is designed to 
safeguard the Company's assets and ensure that transactions are recorded in 
accordance with Company policies.  The Company's internal audit program is 
an important part of this control.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors is responsible for reviewing 
and approving the Company's consolidated financial statements, the system of 
internal accounting controls and the selection of independent auditors.  The 
Audit Committee, which is comprised entirely of outside Directors, has 
unrestricted access to both internal and external auditors.

George M. Winn                                  John R. Smith
President,                                      Vice President,
Chief Operating Officer                             Treasurer



<PAGE>
<TABLE>
                                                        FINANCIAL SUMMARY
(in thousands except shares and per share amounts)
<CAPTION>
                                          For the   For the seven         For the         For the         For the         For the
                                       year ended    months ended      year ended      year ended      year ended      year ended
                                   April 29, 1994  April 30, 1993  Sept. 25, 1992  Sept. 27, 1991  Sept. 28, 1990  Sept. 29, 1989
<S>                                    <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Revenues                                 $357,904        $132,139        $271,819        $239,651        $233,839        $247,695
Cost of goods sold                       $182,475        $ 72,167        $149,776        $129,095        $123,255        $128,683
Gross margin                             $175,429        $ 59,972        $122,043        $110,556        $110,584        $119,012
Restructuring                                 ---             ---             ---        $ 10,800             ---             ---
Total operating expenses
  excluding restructuring                $158,558        $ 56,657        $101,712        $ 97,264        $ 95,213        $ 95,926
Operating income                         $ 16,871        $  3,315        $ 20,331        $  2,492        $ 15,371        $ 23,086
Income before income taxes and
  cumulative effect of changes
  in accounting principles               $ 14,080        $  3,957        $ 21,186        $  3,441        $ 14,693        $ 36,174
Cumulative effect of changes in
 accounting principles                        ---        $  3,902             ---             ---           ---               ---
Net income                               $  8,800        $  6,743        $ 15,204        $  3,205        $ 12,178        $ 23,151
Average shares and share equivalents
  outstanding                           8,031,696       7,069,463       7,033,695       6,943,941       7,073,292       8,279,335
Per Share Amounts:
Income before cumulative effect of
  changes in accounting principles       $   1.10        $   0.40        $   2.16        $   0.46        $   1.72        $   2.80
Cumulative effect of changes in
  accounting principles                       ---        $   0.55             ---             ---             ---             ---
Earnings per share                       $   1.10        $   0.95        $   2.16        $   0.46        $   1.72        $   2.80
Pro forma net income <F1>                $  8,800        $  4,320        $ 14,938        $  3,156        $ 11,836        $ 23,149
Pro forma earnings per share <F1>        $   1.10        $   0.61        $   2.12        $   0.45        $   1.67        $   2.80
Income before cumulative effect
  of changes in accounting principles
  as a percentage of revenues                2.46%           2.15%           5.59%           1.34%           5.21%           9.35%
Net income as a percentage of revenues       2.46%           5.10%           5.59%           1.34%           5.21%           9.35%
Cash dividends declared per share        $   0.52        $   0.26        $   0.48        $   0.40        $   0.32        $   0.20
Total assets                             $245,602        $172,087        $175,806        $165,826        $151,892        $157,259
Total stockholders' equity               $157,829        $135,187        $129,464        $116,265        $118,066        $110,122
Long-term obligations                    $ 14,712        $     34        $    391        $    154        $     94        $  2,253
Long-term interest expense               $  1,327        $     12        $     31        $     28        $    519        $    449

<FN>
<F1>  Pro forma data is presented assuming the change in accounting for inventory (explained in Note 4) is applied retroactively.

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                  SELECTED QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)
(in thousands except per share amounts)
<CAPTION>
                                               Income Before                         Earnings
                                        Gross     Cumulative           Net   Per Share Before         Earnings       Dividends
                      Revenues         Margin         Effect        Income  Cumulative Effect        Per Share       Per Share
<S>                   <C>            <C>              <C>          <C>                  <C>              <C>             <C>
Fiscal 1994:
  1st Quarter         $ 84,687       $ 40,755         $1,420       $ 1,420              $0.18            $0.18           $0.13
  2nd Quarter           89,554         42,824          1,899         1,899               0.24             0.24            0.13
  3rd Quarter           87,615         42,509          2,380         2,380               0.30             0.30            0.13
  4th Quarter           96,048         49,341          3,101         3,101               0.38             0.38            0.13
  Total               $357,904       $175,429         $8,800       $ 8,800              $1.10            $1.10           $0.52

Fiscal 1993: <F1>
  1st Quarter         $ 66,776       $ 29,004         $2,319       $ 2,319              $0.33            $0.33           $0.12
  2nd Quarter <F2>      64,581         29,268          3,132         7,034               0.44             0.99            0.12
  3rd Quarter           55,751         24,300            924           924               0.13             0.13            0.13
  4th Quarter           58,147         27,866          2,719         2,719               0.39             0.39            0.13
  Total               $245,255       $110,438         $9,094       $12,996              $1.29            $1.84           $0.50
<FN>

<F1>Quarterly information for fiscal 1993 has been restated to reflect the 
new fiscal year structure with quarters ending in July, October, January and 
April.

<F2>  The second quarter of 1993 includes the cumulative effect of adopting 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income 
Taxes," ($1.5 million) and the change in accounting for inventory ($2.4 
million).

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                              STOCK PRICE INFORMATION
<CAPTION>
                                          1994                         1993 <F1>
                                  High            Low           High            Low
<S>                            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
1st Quarter                     27 1/2         20 1/4         32 1/8         24 1/4
2nd Quarter                     26 5/8         23 3/4         31             25 1/4
3rd Quarter                     26 3/4         22 3/4         34 3/8         26 5/8
4th Quarter                     28 3/8         25             30 1/2         25 3/8
<FN>
<F1>  Quarterly information for fiscal 1993 has been restated to reflect the 
new fiscal year structure with quarters ending in July, October, January and 
April.
</TABLE>

Fluke Corporation stock is traded on the American and Pacific Stock 
Exchanges.  Quarterly cash dividends of $0.13 per share were paid in 1994 
and 1993 and $0.12 per share in 1992.  The number of stockholders of record 
at April 29, 1994 was 2,109.
 




	





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21
<TEXT>

<TABLE>
Exhibit 21

                                SUBSIDIARIES

The Company owns or controls the common stock (the only class authorized) of 
the following subsidiaries:
<CAPTION>
                                       Percentage of        State or Country
Name of Corporation                        Ownership        of Incorporation
<S>                                        <C>              <C>
Fluke International Corporation             100  <F1>             Washington
Fluke Deutschland GmbH                      100  <F2>                Germany
Fluke Electronics Canada, Inc.              100  <F2>                 Canada
Fluke Foreign Sales Corporation             100  <F2>                   Guam
Fluke Holland B.V.                          100  <F2> <F3>   The Netherlands
Fluke Singapore Pte. Ltd.                   100  <F2>              Singapore
K. K. Fluke                                 100  <F2>                  Japan
Fluke B.V.                                  100  <F2>        The Netherlands
Fluke Europe B.V.                           100  <F4>        The Netherlands
Fluke Osterreich GmbH                       100  <F4>                Austria
Fluke Belgium N.V./S.A.                     100  <F4>                Belgium
Fluke Danmark A.S.                          100  <F4>                Denmark
Fluke Finland Oy                            100  <F4>                Finland
Fluke France S.A.                           100  <F4>                 France
Fluke Italia S.r.l.                         100  <F4>                  Italy
Fluke Norge A/S                             100  <F4>                 Norway
Fluke Iberica S.L.                          100  <F4>                  Spain
Fluke Sverige AB                            100  <F4>                 Sweden
Fluke Switzerland AG                        100  <F4>            Switzerland
Fluke U.K. Ltd.                             100  <F4>         United Kingdom
Fluke Holding B.V.                          100  <F4>        The Netherlands
Fluke Industrial B.V.                       100  <F5>        The Netherlands
Fluke Nederland B.V.                        100  <F5>        The Netherlands

<FN>
<F1>  Owned by Fluke Corporation
<F2>  Owned by Fluke International Corporation
<F3>  Not active but remains incorporated
<F4>  Owned by Fluke B.V.
<F5>  Owned by Fluke Holding B.V.

</TABLE>

The accounts of these subsidiaries are included in the accompanying 
consolidated financial statements.


	





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.1
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 23.1

Consent of Independent Auditors

We consent to the incorporation by reference in this Annual Report (Form 
10-K) of Fluke Corporation of our report dated June 10, 1994, included 
in the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders of Fluke Corporation.

Our audit also included the financial statement schedules of Fluke 
Corporation listed in Item 14(a).  These schedules are the 
responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility is to 
express an opinion based on our audits.  In our opinion, the financial 
statement schedules referred to above, when considered in relation to 
the basic financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all 
material respects the information set forth therein.

We also consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration 
Statements (Form S-8 No. 33-20968) pertaining to the Company's Long-term 
Stock Performance Plan, (Form S-8 No. 33-30689) pertaining to the 
Company's 1988 Stock Option Plan, (Form S-8 No. 33-38507) pertaining to 
the Company's 1990 Stock Incentive Plan, and (Form S-8 No. 33-
38506)pertaining to the Company's Stock Option Plan for Outside 
Directors of our report dated June 10, 1994, with respect to the 
consolidated financial statements incorporated herein by reference and 
our report included in the preceding paragraph with respect to the 
financial statement schedules included in this Annual Report (Form-10K) 
of Fluke Corporation.


ERNST & YOUNG
Seattle, Washington
July 28, 1994

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
