-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 pDwBupZZKxywY40NTK75PES7yMznMg/fyrh7wfw56yx/GOLW4kCsY3jzcAe6Bx9z
 uW/uiM06+Dr1GybNMfAEoA==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000910647-94-000012.txt : 19940921
<IMS-HEADER>0000910647-94-000012.hdr.sgml : 19940921
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000910647-94-000012
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		12
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940920
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000205700
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	2761
		IRS NUMBER:				042942374
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0627

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-08564
		FILM NUMBER:		94549603

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 MAIN ST
		CITY:			GROTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			01471
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5084486111
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>NEBS 10-K FISCAL YEAR ENDED 6-24-94
<TEXT>

                                UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D. C. 20549
                                  FORM 10-K
(Mark One)
   [x]      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
            SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)

      For the fiscal year ended June 24, 1994

                                      OR

   [ ]      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
            SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1945 (NO FEE REQUIRED)

      For the transition period from                   to                    .

                          Commission File No. 0-8564
            
                      New England Business Service, Inc.

            (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
               Delaware                                04-2942374
    (State or other jurisdiction of       (IRS Employer Identification number)
     incorporation or organization)

             500 Main Street                               01471
          Groton, Massachusetts                         (Zip Code)
(Address of principal executive offices)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (508) 448-6111

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:  None
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

                        Common Stock ($1.00 par value)

      Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed 
all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months 
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to 
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing 
requirements for the past 90 days.

                        Yes      [x]      No      [ ]

      Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers 
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K ( 229.405 of this chapter) 
is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best 
of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information 
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K 
or any amendment to this Form 10-K.                      [ ]

      The aggregate market value of the Registrant's Common 
Stock, par value $1.00 per share, held by stockholders who are 
not affiliates of the Registrant at August 31, 1994 as computed 
by reference to the closing price of such stock on that date was 
approximately $225,640,000.

      The number of shares of Registrant's Common Stock, par 
value $1.00 per share, outstanding at August 31, 1994 was 
15,475,550.

Documents Incorporated By Reference

      1.   Portions of the Annual Report to Stockholders for the 
fiscal year ended June 24, 1994 are incorporated by reference 
into Items 5, 6, 7 and 8 (Part II) and Item 14 (Part IV) of this 
Report.  Such Annual Report, except for the parts therein which 
have been specifically incorporated by reference, shall not be 
deemed "filed" for the purposes of this report on Form 10-K.

      2.   Portions of the Proxy Statement sent to stockholders 
in connection with the Annual Meeting to be held on October 28, 
1994 are incorporated by reference into Items 10, 11,12 and 13 
(Part III) of this Report.  Such Proxy Statement, except for the 
parts therein which have been specifically incorporated by 
reference, shall not be deemed "filed" for the purposes of this 
report on Form 10-K.

<PAGE>

                                    PART I

ITEM 1.    BUSINESS

      Founded in 1952, New England Business Service, Inc. (which, 
with its branch, NEBS Business Stationery in the United Kingdom, 
and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, SYCOM Inc. of Madison, 
Wisconsin, NEBS Business Forms Limited of Midland, Ontario and 
NEBS Software, Inc. of Nashua, New Hampshire shall be referred to 
as the "Company") is a Delaware corporation whose principal 
executive offices are located at 500 Main Street, Groton, 
Massachusetts 01471. Its telephone number is (508) 448-6111.

      Reference is made to the information contained in Note 11, 
Financial Information by Geographic Area, in the Notes to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements on page 25 of the Company's 
Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended June 24, 
1994.

Products

      The Company's product line consists of well over 1,000 
standardized imprinted manual and computer business forms, 
stationery, custom forms designed to meet specific needs of 
individual customers, other printed products and a line of small 
business accounting software. Products are either specifically 
designed for different lines of business or are generally usable 
by all small businesses and professional offices. Their value is 
enhanced by high quality, fast delivery, and competitive prices. 

      Typical examples of the Company's standardized manual 
business forms are billing forms, work orders, job proposals and 
purchase orders, all of which provide small businesses with the 
financial and other records necessary to properly manage their 
businesses. Stationery, including letterheads, envelopes and 
business cards, is available in a variety of formats and ink 
colors to provide small businesses with their desired image. 
Checks and check writing systems are offered to facilitate the 
writing and recording of checks as well as the posting of the 
related bookkeeping entries. Marketing products, such as 
advertising labels, pricing tags and labels, signage and seasonal 
greeting cards, are designed to promote customer awareness. In 
addition, a line of filing system products has been designed 
specifically for use by small professional offices.

      The Company also offers a line of NEBS(R) proprietary 
software, computer forms (both continuous and laser) and other 
computer related products. NEBS propriety software includes 
checkwriting, billing and mailing application packages as well as 
a variety of simpler form-filling software, all of which are 
compatible with business forms offered by the Company. The 
Company's computer forms are compatible with over 3,500 personal 
computer software packages developed by third parties and used by 
small businesses. 

      The Company's One-Write Plus(R) line of accounting software is 
designed for the business automating for the first time. One -
Write Plus integrates accounting and payroll functions with basic 
word processing, mail merge, a spreadsheet link, a backup utility 
and a menu organizer. Modeled on the manual one-write accounting 
system, the software combines the benefits of computerized 
accounting with the familiar format of the manual method used by 
more than five million small businesses. One-Write Plus consumes 
a wide variety of NEBS forms, such as multi-purpose checks, 
payroll checks, accounts-payable checks, laser forms, tax forms, 
invoices, statements, labels, letterheads and other general 
business forms. One-Write Plus has an established leadership 
position within the small business market, having been well 
received for over ten years by tens of thousands of customers.

<PAGE> 2

Product Development and Research

      The Company's products are designed principally by its 
product development staff. To generate new product ideas, the 
Company relies upon an ongoing program of personal field 
research, including calls on customers and prospective customers, 
focus groups and mail surveys as well as unsolicited inquiries 
and suggestions. After the product research is completed, the 
information is turned over to a product designer who employs 
traditional as well as computer-aided design methods to create 
the final product, whether it be an estimate form for contractors 
or merchandise bags for retailers. Throughout this process, 
feedback from customers and prospects is maintained. 

      The Company has an internal software development group that 
develops the program code for new software products and upgrades. 
From time to time, outside contractors may be employed or sub-
routines licensed as part of developing all or a part of a 
product. 

Sales and Marketing

      To generate sales, the Company relies almost exclusively 
upon promotional materials it mails to its over 1,285,000 
customers and its list of over 6,500,000 prospective customers. 
All of these materials contain one or more order forms to be 
completed by the customer or prospective customer and either 
telephoned, mailed or faxed to the Company. The Company promotes 
the use of its toll-free telephone and fax lines and over 80% of 
its orders are received by these means. The Company also utilizes 
a dealer network to provide products to that portion of the small 
business market which would not normally order by mail. The 
Company also employs a small outside sales force to facilitate 
the distribution of its software product line through software 
and computer distributors and retailers.

      The Company attributes much of its success to its ability 
to capitalize on the unique characteristics of mail order 
marketing. This ability, coupled with telemarketing, allows it to 
select and penetrate geographically dispersed but, in the 
aggregate, significant markets. Within these markets the Company 
targets small businesses with 20 or fewer employees through 
specialized promotions and products specifically designed for 
them.

      The Company maintains its customer and prospect lists in 
such a way that it can, with the use of sophisticated database 
marketing software, select names and plan mailings based on 
whether the recipients are customers or prospects, the types of 
business they are in, and if customers, what they purchased, how 
recently they purchased, how frequently they purchased and how 
much they purchased. The Company compiles prospect names from 
telephone directories and other sources as well as renting 
prospect lists from others.

      The Company's promotional materials are of three types: 
catalogs of various sizes, promotional circulars with samples, 
and inserts included with outgoing invoices, statements and 
shipments. In addition, the Company utilizes space advertising in 
magazines and post card packages to generate sales leads from 
prospective customers.

      The Company relies on the U. S. Post Office for 
distribution of its advertising materials. Over the past few 
years, postage rates for third class mail have increased 
periodically. The Company has been able to absorb these increases 
through cost reduction programs and selective price increases.

Raw Materials, Production and Distribution

      The Company produces semi-finished business forms on high 
speed roll fed presses from raw paper. The Company also purchases 
partially printed forms from a number of sources at competitive 
prices. The Company has no long-term contracts with any of its 
suppliers and has not experienced a shortage of paper for its 
products, catalogs or advertising brochures in over 20 years. The 
cost of paper used for products and advertising materials 
constitutes, directly or indirectly, less than 20% of sales.

<PAGE> 3

      The Company has specialized presses for short-run printing 
and other pieces of production equipment for typesetting and 
imprinting customer headings. These include computerized 
typesetters, platemaking systems, letter presses and offset 
presses. In addition, it has manual and semi-automatic bindery 
equipment. The Company has a number of presses which it has 
designed specifically for the specialized short-run needs of its 
market. The Company believes these specialized presses allow it 
to produce customer orders more efficiently than would be 
possible with the equipment which is available from typical press 
equipment suppliers. The Company's software products are 
duplicated and packaged by outside vendors.

      The Company has no significant backlog of orders. It is the 
Company's policy to ship customer orders for most product lines 
within two days from receipt of order. In fiscal 1994, over 71% 
of its orders were shipped within two days and 88% within five 
days.

      To allow for such prompt shipments, the Company maintains 
significant inventories of raw paper ($721,000 at year-end in 
fiscal 1994) and partially printed business forms and related 
office products ($7,019,000 at year-end in fiscal 1994). To 
further reduce the time between receipt of an order and delivery 
to the customer, as well as to better manage its inventory 
balances, the Company has increased its investment in high speed 
roll fed presses which convert raw paper into semi-finished forms 
for inventory.

      The Company ships its products by United Parcel Service 
(UPS) and Parcel Post. The Company bills the customer for the 
shipping charges on all orders shipped on open account while it 
absorbs the normal surface shipping charges for those customers 
(approximately 10%) who remit payment with their orders.

Competition

      The Company's primary competition for printed products sold 
is the local job shop printer of which there are approximately 
35,000 located in the United States and other companies marketing 
business forms by mail order. In addition, there are 
approximately 20,000 retail stationery stores located throughout 
the United States, many of which offer preprinted business forms 
to businesses in their immediate trading area. Local printers 
have the advantage of physical proximity to their customers, but 
frequently lack design expertise and are generally unable to 
offer products of complex construction or continuous forms for 
desktop computers. In addition, the cost of producing a small 
order for a single customer works to their disadvantage. 
Typically, preprinted business forms offered by stationers are 
limited to general purpose forms suitable for use by a broad 
cross-section of businesses and are not designed for specific 
lines of businesses nor imprinted with the customer's name, 
address or phone number.

      Presently, there are approximately 10 to 15 companies 
marketing business forms and supplies by mail, some of which are 
divisions of larger companies. The Company believes that the 
primary competitive factors considered by customers are printing 
accuracy, guaranteed satisfaction, speed of delivery, service, 
availability of a complete product line and price. The Company 
believes that it is the largest mail order marketer of business 
forms to the very small business market in the United States and 
Canada.

      The Company's One-Write Plus line of accounting software 
competes primarily with 5 to 10 other major software products 
marketed to small businesses to fulfill their complete accounting 
needs. The One-Write Plus software seeks to combine strong 
accounting controls with ease of use.

<PAGE> 4

Employees

      Including its subsidiaries, the Company had approximately 
2,083 full-time and part-time employees at year-end. It has a 
number of employee benefit plans, including medical and 
hospitalization insurance, a cash profit sharing plan, a salary 
deferral 401(k) plan and a defined benefit pension plan.

Environment

      There have been no material effects on the Company or any 
of its subsidiaries arising from their compliance with federal, 
state, and local statutes and regulations relating to the 
protection of the environment.

Executive Officers of the Company

      Except for William C. Lowe, who was elected by the Board of 
Directors on November 12, 1993, all of the Company's executive 
officers were elected to office on October 22, 1993 at the first 
meeting of the Board of Directors following the Annual Meeting. 
Each officer holds office until the first meeting of the Board 
following the next Annual Meeting and until a successor is 
chosen. For information concerning executive officers who are 
also directors of the Company, refer to the Company's Proxy 
Statement incorporated herein by Item 10 of this Report. 
Information concerning other executive officers follows.

      Robert S. Brown, Jr., age 47, joined the Company in 1971 
and has served in numerous capacities in operations and 
marketing, both in the United States and Canada. In 1986, Mr. 
Brown assumed the position of Advertising & Product Development 
Director. In 1988, he became Market Management and Product 
Development Director. In 1989, he was elected Vice President NEBS 
Business Forms Marketing & Product Development and in 1991, Vice 
President - General Manager, Marketing. In April, 1994, he 
assumed his present position as Vice President - General Manager, 
Subsidiaries.

      Russell V. Corsini, Jr., age 51, joined the Company in 1982 
as Corporate Controller and was elected Vice President, Chief 
Financial Officer in October, 1983. 

ITEM 2.    PROPERTIES

      The Company owns land and buildings housing its offices and 
production facilities in Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Arizona, 
Missouri, Wisconsin, Ontario and the United Kingdom. The Company 
leases office facilities in New Hampshire, Texas and Arizona. The 
Company owns land for future expansion in Georgia.

      The Company's corporate offices are located in an office 
building in Groton, Massachusetts. This building, which was 
completed in 1978 and expanded in 1982, contains 125,000 square 
feet of floor space and is located on 36 acres of land. It 
provides offices for marketing, administration, information 
resources, purchasing, finance, and executive personnel. 

      In Townsend, Massachusetts, six miles from its Groton 
headquarters, the Company has a production and administration 
facility situated on 15 acres of land, containing 120,000 square 
feet of floor space. This building,which originally housed all of 
the Company's operations, was built in 1959 and expanded from 
time to time up through 1989.

      In Peterborough, New Hampshire, the Company owns a 
production facility, built in 1975 and expanded in 1978, which 
contains 128,000 square feet of floor space and is situated on 48 
acres of land. 

<PAGE> 5

      In Maryville, Missouri, the Company owns a 95,000 square 
foot production facility situated on 50 acres of land and built 
in 1980.

      In Flagstaff, Arizona, the Company owns a 91,000 square 
foot production and administration facility situated on 24 acres 
of land and built in 1985.

      In Madison, Wisconsin, the Company's subsidiary SYCOM, Inc. 
owns a 56,000 square foot office and production facility situated 
on 5 acres of land. This facility was built and expanded during 
the period 1971 through 1992.

      In Douglasville, Georgia, the Company has purchased 14 
acres of land for the purpose of constructing a facility at a 
future time.

      In Midland, Ontario, the Company's Canadian subsidiary, 
NEBS Business Forms Limited, owns a 97,000 square foot office and 
production facility situated on 8 acres of land. This facility 
was constructed in 1985 and expanded in 1989.

      In Chester, England, the Company owns a 38,000 square foot 
office and production facility situated on 4 acres of land. This 
facility was constructed in 1989.

      The Company also leases office space in Nashua, New 
Hampshire (25,000 square feet), Dallas, Texas (5,000 square feet) 
and Phoenix, Arizona (14,000 square feet).

      The Company believes the production and office facilities 
now in existence are adequate for its present and foreseeable 
future needs.

ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

      To the Company's knowledge, no material legal proceedings 
are pending on the date hereof to which the Company is a party or 
to which any property of the Company is subject.

ITEM 4.    SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

      Not applicable.


                                   PART II

ITEM 5.    MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
           STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

      The section entitled "Common Stock" located on page 27, and 
footnotes 4, 5, 6 and 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
on pages 22-23 and page 25 of the Company's Annual Report to 
Stockholders for the fiscal year ended June 24, 1994 are 
incorporated herein by reference. The number of record holders of 
the Company's Common stock at August 31, 1994 was 889. The 
Company estimates the number of beneficial owners of the 
Company's Common stock to be 5,700 at August 31, 1994.

<PAGE> 6

ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

      The section entitled "Eleven Year Summary" located on pages 
14 and 15 of the Company's Annual Report to Stockholders for the 
fiscal year ended June 24, 1994 is incorporated herein by 
reference.

ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
           AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

      The section entitled "Management Discussion and Analysis" 
located on pages 26 and 27 of the Company's Annual Report to 
Stockholders for the fiscal year ended June 24, 1994 is 
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DATA

      The Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto 
located on pages 16-25 and 27 of the Company's Annual Report to 
Stockholders for the fiscal year ended June 24, 1994 are 
incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING 
           AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

      Not applicable.

                                   PART III

ITEM 10.   DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

      The sections entitled "Nominees for Election as Directors" 
located on pages 3 and 4, of the Company's Proxy Statement for 
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held October 28, 1994 is 
incorporated herein by reference. See also "Executive Officers of 
the Company" in Item 1 above in this Report.

ITEM 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

      The section entitled "Compensation of Officers and 
Directors" located on pages 5-7 of the Company's Proxy Statement 
for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held October 28, 
1994 is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

      The section entitled "Voting Securities" located on pages 1 
and 2 of the Company's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders to be held October 28, 1994 is incorporated herein 
by reference.

ITEM 13.   CERTAIN BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS - COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
           INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

      The section entitled "Certain Business Relationships - 
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation" 
located on page 4 of the Company's Proxy Statement for the Annual 
Meeting of Stockholders to be held October 28, 1994 is 
incorporated herein by reference.

<PAGE> 7

                                   PART IV

ITEM 14.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

      (a)(1) The following financial statements which are located 
on the following pages of the Company's Annual Report to 
Stockholders for the fiscal year ended June 24, 1994 are 
incorporated herein by reference.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        Page(s)

   <S>                                                                                  <C>
   Independent Auditors' Report                                                         27
   Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 24, 1994 and June 25, 1993                    16-17
   Statements of Consolidated Income for the fiscal years ended June 24, 1994, 
     June 25, 1993 and June 26, 1992                                                    18
   Statements of Consolidated Stockholders' Equity for the fiscal years ended 
     June 24, 1994, June 25, 1993 and June 26, 1992                                     19
   Statements of Consolidated Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended June 24, 1994, 
     June 25, 1993 and June 26, 1992                                                    20
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                           21-25
</TABLE>

      (2) The following financial statement schedules are filed 
as part of this report and are located on the following pages:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                  Page(s)
 
   <S>                                                                            <C>
   Independent Auditors' Report                                                   12
   Schedule I      Marketable Securities - Other Investments                      13
   Schedule V      Property, Plant and Equipment                                  14
   Schedule VI     Accumulated Depreciation of Property, Plant and Equipment      15
   Schedule VIII   Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                              16
   Schedule IX     Short-Term Borrowings                                          17
   Schedule X      Supplementary Income Statement Information                     18
</TABLE>

      Schedules II, III, IV, VII, XI, XII, XIII and XIV are 
omitted as not applicable or not required under Regulation S-X.

    (3) Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S-K:

    (3)(a)     Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant. 
               (Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on 
               Form 8-K dated October 31, 1986.)

    (3)(b)     Certificate of Merger of New England Business 
               Service, Inc. (a Massachusetts corporation) and the Company, 
               dated October 24, 1986 amending the Certificate of Incorporation 
               of the Company by adding Articles 14 and 15 thereto. 
               (Incorporated by reference to the Company's Current Report on 
               Form 8-K dated October 31, 1986.)

<PAGE> 8

    (3)(c)     By-Laws of the Registrant. (Incorporated by 
               reference to Exhibit (3)(c) to the Company's Annual Report on 
               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 29, 1990, filed 
               September 14, 1990.)

    (4)        Specimen stock certificate for shares of Common 
               Stock, par value $1.00 per share. (Incorporated by       
               reference to the Company's Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the 
               Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 2-72662).)

    (9)        Not applicable.

    (10)(a)    NEBS 1990 Key Employee Stock Option and Stock 
               Appreciation Rights Plan dated July 27, 1990. (Incorporated by 
               reference to Exhibit (10)(a) to the Company's Annual Report on 
               Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 29, 1990, filed 
               September 14, 1990.)

    (10)(b)    Executive Bonus Plan for 1994.

    (10)(c)    Executive Bonus Plan for 1995.

    (10)(d)    Line of Credit Agreement, dated November 1, 
               1993, between the Company and The First National Bank of Boston. 

    (10)(e)    NEBS Deferred Compensation Plan for Outside 
               Directors. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(d) to the 
               Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
               June 25, 1982, filed September 23, 1982.)

    (10)(f)    NEBS 1994 Key Employee and Eligible Director 
               Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights Plan dated July 22, 
               1994.

    (10)(g)    NEBS Stock Compensation Plan dated July 25, 1994.

    (10)(h)    Separation Agreement dated December 17, 1993 
               between the Company and Bartley H. Calder.

    (10)(i)    Key Employee Non-Incentive Stock Option 
               Agreement between the Company and William C. Lowe granted as of 
               November 12, 1993.

    (11)       Not applicable.

    (12)       Not applicable.

    (13)       The Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal 
               year ended June 24, 1994.

    (16)       Not applicable.

    (18)       Not applicable.

    (19)       Not applicable.

    (21)       List of Subsidiaries.

    (22)       Not applicable.

<PAGE> 9

    (23)       Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP.

    (24)       Not applicable.

    (27)       Article 5 Financial Data Schedule.

    (28)       Not applicable.

<PAGE> 10      


                                  SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused 
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, 
thereunto duly authorized.


                                NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC.
                                (Registrant)

                                BY     /s/ William C. Lowe
                                          (William C. Lowe, President
                                           and Chief Executive Officer)

Date: September 19, 1994

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following 
persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the 
dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Name                              Title                          Date

<S>                               <S>                            <S>
/s/ Richard H. Rhoads             Chairman and Director          September 19, 1994
   (Richard H. Rhoads)

/s/ William C. Lowe               President, Chief Executive     September 19, 1994
   (William C. Lowe)              Officer and Director            

/s/ Peter A. Brooke               Director                       September 19, 1994
   (Peter A. Brooke)

/s/ Benjamin H. Lacy              Director                       September 19, 1994
   (Benjamin H. Lacy)

/s/ Robert J. Murray              Director                       September 19, 1994
   (Robert J. Murray)

/s/ Frank L. Randall, JR.         Director                       September 19, 1994
   (Frank L. Randall, Jr.)

/s/ Jay R. Rhoads, Jr.            Director                       September 19, 1994
   (Jay R. Rhoads, Jr.)

/s/ Robert Ripp                   Director                       September 19, 1994
   (Robert Ripp)

/s/ Russell V. Corsini, Jr.       Principal Financial and        September 19, 1994
   (Russell V. Corsini, Jr.)      Accounting Officer
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 11

                         INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

New England Business Service, Inc.

      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of 
New England Business Service, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of 
June 24, 1994, and June 25, 1993, and for each of the three years 
in the period ended June 24, 1994, and have issued our report 
thereon dated July 22, 1994; such financial statements and report 
are included in your 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders and are 
incorporated herein by reference. Our audits also included the 
consolidated financial statement schedules of New England 
Business Service, Inc. and its subsidiaries, listed in Item 14. 
These financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the 
Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion 
based on our audits. In our opinion, such financial statement 
schedules, when considered in relation to the basic consolidated 
financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all 
material respects the information set forth therein.

/s/ DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

    Deloitte & Touche LLP
    Boston, Massachusetts
    July 22, 1994

<PAGE> 12
                                                                  
                                                                    SCHEDULE I

            NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                  MARKETABLE SECURITIES - OTHER INVESTMENTS

                                June 24, 1994

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                                   Amount at Which Each
                                                                                                   Portfolio of Equity
                                           Number of                              Market Value     Security Issues and
      Name of Issuer                       Shares or Units-                       of Each Issue    Each Other Security
      and Title of                         Principal Amount      Cost of          at Balance       Issue Carried in
      Each Issue                           of Bonds and Notes    Each Issue       Sheet Date       the Balance Sheet

<S>                                        <C>                   <C>              <C>              <C>
Industrial Development Authority Bonds     $2,605,000            $ 2,605,000      $ 2,605,700      $ 2,605,000
Municipal Power Revenue Bonds               2,305,000              2,523,100        2,411,400        2,411,100
Transportation Bonds                        2,275,000              2,410,600        2,354,700        2,345,100
General Obligation Notes                    2,045,000              2,066,300        2,048,200        2,045,000
Housing Finance Authority
   Bonds                                    1,990,000              2,010,500        1,996,400        1,996,900
Municipal Redevelopment Bonds               1,990,000              1,990,000        1,983,300        1,990,000
Honolulu Hawaii City & County 
   Refunding & Improvement - Series 
   1993 B Bonds, Dated 04/01/93             1,925,000              1,921,400        1,921,400        1,925,000
Variable Rate Municipal Bonds               1,500,000              1,553,400        1,523,200        1,525,000
Education Revenue Bonds                     1,500,000              1,505,300        1,494,300        1,500,000
Water & Sewer Resource Bonds                1,000,000              1,106,400        1,053,200        1,021,000
Tax Exempt Mutual Fund Preferred
   Shares - Van Kampen Merritt                     50              2,510,900        2,510,900        2,503,100
Tax Exempt Mutual Fund Preferred
   Shares - Muniyield                              50              2,500,100        2,500,100        2,500,100
Tax Exempt Mutual Fund Preferred
   Shares - Van Kampen Merritt
   Advantage                                       40              2,000,000        2,000,000        2,000,000
Tax Exempt Mutual Fund Preferred
   Shares - Intercapital Quality                   30              1,500,000        1,500,000        1,500,000
Tax Exempt Mutual Fund Preferred
   Shares - Miscellaneous                          30              1,500,000        1,500,000        1,500,000
Canadian Bank Mortgage Notes                  594,000                594,000          617,100          594,000
Canadian Government & Provincial
   Bonds:
       Maturity 6 months or less            1,182,700              1,182,700        1,245,900        1,182,700
       Maturity 6 months to 12 months       2,586,900              2,586,900        2,692,000        2,586,900
       Maturity over 12 months                994,100                994,100        1,021,900          994,100 
Canadian Provincial Bonds                   2,472,600              2,472,600        2,558,400        2,472,600
Accrued Income                                                                                   334,300
                  Total                                          $37,533,300      $37,538,100      $37,531,900
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 13

                                                                    SCHEDULE V

             NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                        PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                              (000's Omitted)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                              Balance at                   Deductions,     Balance
                              Beginning      Additions     Retirements     at End
      Description             of Period      at Cost       or Sales        of Period

<S>                           <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>
Year Ended June 26, 1992:
      Land and Buildings      $ 36,660       $1,695        $  141          $ 38,214
      Equipment                 53,704        7,974         1,024            60,654
      Total                   $ 90,364       $9,669        $1,165          $ 98,868


Year Ended June 25, 1993:
      Land and Buildings      $ 38,214       $  646        $1,082          $ 37,778
      Equipment                 60,654        5,829         1,862            64,621
      Total                   $ 98,868       $6,475        $2,944          $102,399


Year Ended June 24, 1994:
      Land and Buildings      $ 37,778       $  794        $  155          $ 38,417
      Equipment                  64,621       5,260         3,233            66,648
      Total                   $102,399       $6,054        $3,388          $105,065
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 14

                                                                   SCHEDULE VI

             NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

          ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                               (000's Omitted)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Balance at     Additions      Deductions,    Balance
                               Beginning      Charged to     Retirements    at End
      Description              of Period      Expenses       or Sales       of Period

<S>                            <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Year Ended June 26, 1992:
      Land and Buildings       $14,300        $1,607         $  141         $15,766
      Equipment                 32,674         6,901          1,024          38,551
      Total                    $46,974        $8,508         $1,165         $54,317


Year Ended June 25, 1993:
      Land and Buildings       $15,766        $1,528         $  150         $17,144
      Equipment                 38,551         7,201          1,607          44,145
      Total                    $54,317        $8,729         $1,757         $61,289


Year Ended June 24, 1994:
      Land and Buildings       $17,144        $1,571         $    -         $18,849
      Equipment                 44,145         7,646          3,266          48,525
      Total                    $61,289        $9,217         $3,266         $67,374
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 15

                                                                 SCHEDULE VIII

             NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                      VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                               (000's Omitted)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Additions 
                                          Balance at                 Charged        Deductions      Balance at
                                          Beginning     Charged      to Other       from            End of
                                          of Period     to Income    Accounts(1)    Reserves(2)     Period

<S>                                       <C>           <C>          <C>            <C>             <C>
Reserves deducted from assets to which 
they apply:

For doubtful accounts receivable:
      Year ended June 26, 1992            $3,134        $3,336       $105           $3,439          $3,136
      Year ended June 25, 1993             3,136         2,815         30            3,037           2,944
      Year ended June 24, 1994             2,944         2,799          -            2,731           3,012
 
For sales returns and allowances:
      Year ended June 26, 1992               628           593          -              628             593
      Year ended June 25, 1993               593           779          -              593             779
      Year ended June 24, 1994               779         1,078          -              779           1,078


<FN>
<F1>  Recovery of accounts previously written off.
<F2>  Accounts written off.
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 16


                                                                   SCHEDULE IX

            NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                           SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Amounts                   Weighted
                      Balance                      Outstanding               Average
                      at End      Weighted         During the Period         Interest Rate
   Line of Credit,    of the      Average                                    During the
   Year Ended         Period      Interest Rate    Maximum    Average(1)     Period(2)
                      (000's
                      Omitted)                     (000's Omitted)

<S>                   <C>         <C>              <C>        <C>            <C>
June 24, 1994         -           -                -          -              - 
June 25, 1993         -           -                -          -              - 
June 26, 1992         -           -                $10,000    $833           0.6%
      
<FN>
<F1>    The average amount outstanding during the year was 
        determined based upon the amounts outstanding at each month end.
<F2>    The weighted average interest rate for the fiscal year 
        1992 was calculated by dividing actual interest expense on short-
        term borrowings by average month-end amounts outstanding in each 
        year.
</TABLE>

<PAGE> 17

                                                                    SCHEDULE X

             NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                  SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
                                 (000's Omitted)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              Year Ended 
                                                                  June 24,      June 25,      June 26,
                                                                  1994          1993          1992 

<S>                                                               <C>           <C>           <C>
Charged to Costs and Expenses:
    Maintenance and Repairs                                       $4,501        $5,297        $4,879
    Advertising Costs (see Statements of Consolidated Income)
</TABLE>


<PAGE> 18



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(B) - EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN FOR 1994
<TEXT>


                        1994 NEBS EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN
                        (Effective as of June 26, 1993)

     This Executive Bonus Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors of New 

England Business Serve, Inc. (the "Company") onOctober 22, 1993 upon the 

recommendation of  its Organization andCompensation Committee for the purpose 

of providing incentive compensation for the senior executives of the Company.

This Plan shall be governed by the following definitions and calculations.

    I.   Participants.  The Participants in the Plan for the 1994
         ------------
fiscal year of the Company (the "Year") and their respective

Target Percentages shall be as follows:

         A.  Officers of the Company.
             ----------------------- 

     Bartley H. Calder, 
     President and CEO                                        60%

     Robert S. Brown,
     Vice President - General Manager, Marketing              40%

     Christopher H. Corbett,
     Vice President - General Manager, Manufacturing          40%
     and Information Resources

     Edward M. Bolesky,
     Vice President- General Manager, Administration          40%
     and Customer Relations

     Russell V. Corsini, Jr.,
     Vice President - Finance                                 40%

     Sally C. Davis,
     Vice President - Human Resources                         40%

     Thomas M. Freeze,
     Treasurer                                                40%

     Timothy D. Althof,
     Corporate Controller                                     40%


<PAGE>

         B.  CEOs of Subsidiaries.
             -------------------- 

     Robert T. Richardson, President
     NEBS Business Forms, Ltd.                                40%

     Robert A. Lay, President and Chief Executive
     SYCOM, Inc.                                              40%

     David G. Booth, Managing Director
     NEBS Business Stationery                                 40%

         C.  Directors of Business Units and of Manufacturing.
             ------------------------------------------------

     Steve H. Dedo, 
     Business Forms Director                                  40%

     Linda A. Jacobs, 
     Marketing Products Director                              40%

     Ronald F. Verni, 
     Vice President - General Manager, Computer Forms/        40%
     Software and OWP

     Steven G. Schlerf, 
     Manufacturing Director                                   40%

No Participant shall be eligible to participate in the NEBS Profit Sharing 

Plan for any year in which he or she is entitled to participate in this Plan.
  
    II.  Target Bonus.  The Target Bonus payable to a Participant with 
         ------------
respect to the Year shall be an amount arrived at by multiplying his or her 

base salary initially fixed for the Year by his or her Target Bonus Percentage.
  
    III. Actual Bonuses.
         --------------  
         A.  Officers of the Company.  The Actual Bonus of each  
             -----------------------
    of the Participants who is an Officer of the Company, other   
   
    than Ronald F. Verni, shall be calculated by multiplying his   
   
    or her Target Bonus by a percentage which shall be 50% of the   

    sum of (i) a "Consolidated Sales Factor" equal to the  



                                -2-

<PAGE>

    percentage which the consolidated net sales in the Year are  

    of $259,734,000 (the "targeted consolidated net sales" for    

    the Year), and (ii) a "Consolidated Profit Factor" equal to    

    the percentage which the consolidated earnings per share of     

    the Year are of $1.00 per share (the "targeted consolidated     

    earnings per share" for the Year), as described below:

              1.   Consolidated Sales Factor equals 100% plus
                   -------------------------  
                   6.25% for each one percent by which            
                   consolidated net sales are more than the        
                   targeted consolidated net sales for the Year,    
                   or 100% minus 6.25% for each one percent by       
                   which consolidated net sales are less than the     
                   targeted consolidated net sales for the Year       
                   (calculated in either case to the nearest           
                   one-tenth of one percent), provided that the         
                   Sales Factor shall be 0% if net sales for the         
                   Year are less than $238,955,000.

               2.  Consolidated Profit Factor equals 100% plus   
                   --------------------------
                   7.14% for each one percent by which            
                   consolidated earnings per share are more than   
                   the targeted consolidated earnings per share     
                   for the Year, or 100% minus 7.14% for each one    
                   percent by which consolidated earnings per        
                   share are less than the targeted consolidated      
                   earnings per share for the Year (calculated in      
                   either case to the nearest one-tenth of one         
                   percent), provided that the profit factor            
                   shall be 0% if the earnings per share for the 
                   Year are less than $.93.

No bonuses shall be payable to the Officers under this plan if the Company's

consolidated earnings per share for the Year are less than $.85. 
 
         B.   Chief Executive Officers of Subsidiary Business
              -----------------------------------------------      
              Units.  
              -----

              1.   The Chief Executive of SYCOM, Inc. and the    
                   Managing Director of NEBS Business Stationery  
                   shall be paid an actual bonus which shall be    
                   the sum of the following four products: 


                                  -3-

<PAGE>

                   (a)  15% of his Target Bonus times the        
                   Consolidated Sales Factor determined pursuant  
                   to Section A.1 above; 

                   (b)  15% of his Target Bonus times the        
                   Consolidated Profit Factor determined pursuant 
                   to Section A.2 above; 

                   (c)  35% of his Target Bonus times his unit's 
                   sales factor determined pursuant to Section 3  
                   or 5 below; and 

                   (d)  35% of his Target Bonus times his unit's 
                   profit factor determined pursuant to Section 4 
                   or 6 below.  

              2.   The President of NEBS Business Forms Limited  
                   shall be paid an actual bonus which will be    
                   the sum of the following six products.  

                   (a)  15% of his Target Bonus times the        
                   Consolidated Sales Factor determined pursuant  
                   to Section A.1 above;

                   (b)  15% of his Target Bonus times the        
                   Consolidated Profit Factor determined pursuant 
                   to Section A.2 above;

                   (c)  25% of his Target Bonus times his unit's 
                   sales factor determined pursuant to Section 7  
                   below; 

                   (d)  25% of his Target Bonus times his unit's 
                   profit factor determined pursuant to Section 8 
                   below;

                   (e)  10% of his Target Bonus times the sales  
                   factor of NEBS Business Stationery determined  
                   pursuant to Section 5 below; and 

                   (f)  10% of his Target Bonus times the profit 
                   factor of NEBS Business Stationery determined  
                   pursuant to Section 6 below.  

              3.   Sales Factor of SYCOM, Inc. equals 100% plus  
                   ---------------------------   
                   12.5% for each one percent by which its net    
                   sales are more than $15,253,000 (its "targeted  
                   net sales" for the Year), or 100% minus 12.5%   
                   for each one percent by which its net sales      
                   are less than its targeted net sales for the      
                   Year (calculated in either case to the nearest     
                   one-tenth of one percent), provided that the       
                   Sales Factor of Sycom, Inc. shall be 0% if its



                                    -4-

<PAGE>

                   net sales for the Year are less than          
                   $14,643,000.  

              4.   Profit Factor of SYCOM, Inc. equals 100% plus 
                   ---------------------------- 
                   6.25% for each one percent by which its profit 
                   from operations is more than $2,160,000 (its   
                   "targeted profit from operations" for the       
                   Year), or 100% minus 6.25% for each one          
                   percent by which its targeted profit from         
                   operations is less than its targeted profit        
                   from operations for the Year (calculated in         
                   either case to the nearest one-tenth of one          
                   percent), provided that the profit factor             
                   shall be 0% if its profit from operations for          
                   the Year is less than $1,987,000.

              5.   Sales Factor of NEBS Business Stationery      
                   ----------------------------------------
                   equals 100% plus 4.17% for each one percent by 
                   which its net sales are more than 3,343,000    
                   pounds (its "targeted net sales" for the        
                   Year), or 100% minus 4.17% for each one          
                   percent by which its net sales are less than      
                   its targeted net sales for the Year                
                   (calculated in either case to the nearest           
                   one-tenth of one percent), provided that the         
                   Sales Factor shall be 0% if its net sales for         
                   the Year are less than 2,942,000 pound.

              6.   Profit Factor of NEBS Business Stationery     
                   -----------------------------------------
                   equals 100% plus 0.5% for each one percent by  
                   which its profit from operations is more than   
                   69,000 pounds (its "targeted profit from         
                   operations") for the Year, or 100% minus 0.5%     
                   for each one percent by which its profit from      
                   operations is less than its targeted profit         
                   from operations for the Year (calculated in          
                   either case to the nearest one-tenth of one           
                   percent), provided that the profit factor              
                   shall be 0% if its profit from operations for           
                   the Year is negative.

              7.   Sales Factor of NEBS Business Forms Limited   
                   -------------------------------------------
                   equals 100% plus 10% for each one percent by   
                   which its net sales are more than $22,815,000   
                   Canadian (its "targeted net sales" for the       
                   Year), or 100% minus 10% for each one percent     
                   by which its net sales are less than its           
                   targeted net sales for the Year (calculated in      
                   either case to the nearest one-tenth of one         
                   percent), provided that the Sales Factor shall       
                   be 0% if its net sales for the Year are less 
                   than $21,674,000 Canadian.



                                  -5-


<PAGE>

              8.   Profit Factor of NEBS Business Forms Limited  
                   --------------------------------------------
                   equals 100% plus 5% for each one percent by    
                   which its profit from operations is more than   
                   $4,789,000 (its "targeted profit from            
                   operations" for the Year), or 100% minus 5%       
                   for each one percent by which its profit from      
                   operations is less than its targeted profit         
                   from operations for the Year (calculated in          
                   either case to the nearest one-tenth of one           
                   percent), provided that the profit factor              
                   shall be 0% if its profit from operations for           
                   the Year is less than $4,310,000.

No bonuses shall be paid to any CEO of a subsidiary business unit if (i) the 

consolidated earnings per share are less than 85% of the targeted

consolidated earnings per share for the year or (ii) the profit from 

operations of his business unit is less than 85% of the targeted profit from 

operations for the Year of such unit(or negative in the case of NEBS Business

Stationery). 

         C.  The Business Unit and Manufacturing Directors.
             ---------------------------------------------   

             1.   The Directors of the Business Forms and        
                  Marketing Products Units and the Vice-President 
                  - General Manager, Computer Forms/Software and  
                  OWP shall be paid an actual bonus which shall    
                  be the sum of the following two products:

                  (a)  50% of his or her Target Bonus times his  
                  or her unit's sales factor determined pursuant  
                  to Sections 2,3 or 4, respectively below; and

                  (b)  50% of his or her Target Bonus times the  
                  Consolidated Profit Factor determined pursuant  
                  to Section A.2 above.

             2.   Sales Factor of Business Forms Unit equals 100%
                  ----------------------------------- 
                  plus 12.5% for each one percent by which its   
                  net sales are more than $103,928,000 (its       
                  "targeted net sales for the Year"), or 100%      
                  minus 12.5% for each one percent by which its     
                  net sales are less than its targeted net sales     
                  for the Year (calculated in either case to the      
                  nearest one-tenth of one percent), provided          
                  that the Sales Factor shall be 0% if its net          
                  sales for the Year are less than $99,771,000.


                                  -6-

<PAGE>


             3.   Sales Factor of Marketing Products Unit equals 
                  ---------------------------------------
                  100% plus 12.5% for each one percent by which   
                  its net sales are more than $35,977,000 (its     
                  "targeted net sales" for the Year), or 100%       
                  minus 12.5% for each one percent by which its      
                  net sales are less than its targeted net sales      
                  for the Year (calculated in either case to the       
                  nearest one-tenth of one percent), provided           
                  that the Sales Factor shall be 0% if its net           
                  sales for the Year are less than $34,538,000.

             4.   Sales Factor of Computer Forms and Software    
                  ------------------------------------------- 
                  Unit equals 100% plus 5% for each one percent   
                  ----
                  by which its net sales are more than             
                  $68,407,000 (its "targeted net sales" for the     
                  Year), or 100% minus 5% for each one percent by    
                  which its net sales are less than its targeted     
                  net sales for the Year (calculated in either        
                  case to the nearest one-tenth of one percent),       
                  provided that the Sales Factor shall be 0% if         
                  its net sales for the Year are less than               
                  $61,566,000.

             5.   The Director of Manufacturing shall be paid an 
                  actual bonus which will be the sum of the       
                  following two products:

                  (a)  50% of his Target Bonus times the Sales   
                  Factor of Domestic NEBS; and

                  (b)  50% of his Target Bonus times the         
                  Consolidated Profit Factor determined pursuant  
                  to Section A.2 above; 

             6.   Sales Factor of Domestic NEBS equals 100% plus 
                  -----------------------------
                  5.06% for each one percent by which the         
                  Company's domestic net sales are more than       
                  $221,611,000 (its "targeted domestic net sales"   
                  for the Year), or 100% minus 5.06% for each one   
                  percent by which its domestic net sales re less   
                  than is targeted domestic net sales for the       
                  Year (calculated in either case to the nearest     
                  one-tenth of one percent), provided that the        
                  Sales Factor shall be 0% if its domestic net         
                  sales for the Year are less than $199,704,000.

No bonus shall be paid to any Business Unit Director or to the Director of 

Manufacturing if (i) the consolidated earnings per 



                                   -7-

<PAGE>

share are less than 85% of the targeted consolidated earnings per share for 

the year. 

    IV.  Certain Definitions and Other Provisions.
         ----------------------------------------

         A.  All references to "net" sales shall refer to        

    consolidated net sales of the Company or net sales            

    of a subsidiary business unit or business unit, as             

    the case may be, as reported or used in calculating             

    the Company's audited consolidated earnings.  

         B.  For purposes of calculating the Consolidated Profit 

    factor, consolidated earnings per share for the Year         

    shall be determined by dividing the consolidated net          

    income from continuing operations for the Year by              

    the weighted average number of shares of Common                 

    Stock outstanding during the Year.  Consolidated net            

    income from continuing operations shall mean such               

    consolidated income, after taxes and after provision            

    for executive bonuses under this Plan, determined in            

    accordance with all of the accounting policies employed in      

    the preparation of the Company's audited financial              

    statements for the Year.  

         C.  Consolidated net income, targeted consolidated net  

    income, the actual or targeted profit from operations of any 

    subsidiary business unit or the actual or targeted net sales 

    of any subsidiary business unit or business unit may, at the 

    discretion of the Organization and Compensation Committee,   

    be adjusted to eliminate the effect of (a) either the         

    acquisition or the divestiture by the Company of any           


                                 -8-

<PAGE>

    subsidiary or division during the Year, and/or (b) the          

    imposition during the Year by Massachusetts or any other        

    state or states of sales taxes on services, materials or        

    supplies purchased by the Company the effect of which is not     

    allowed for in the Company's annual budget for the 1994         

    fiscal year or (c) any abatement of taxes or material 

    increase or decrease in Federal or State corporate tax      

    rates.  Any such discretionary adjustment shall be decided   

    upon by the Organization and Compensation Committee, and      

    shall be announced to the affected Participants, promptly      

    after the occurrence of the motivating event.  

         D.  "Profit from Operations" for any subsidiary business

    unit of the Company shall be determined consistently with   

    the process whereby its targeted profit from operations for  

    the Year was determined and shall not reflect any charge for  

    executive bonuses payable under this Plan.  

         E.  Domestic net sales for the Year means consolidated  

    net sales less the net sales of NEBS Business Forms, Ltd.    

    and NEBS Business Stationery.  

         F.  Should a Participant die, retire, or become totally 

    disabled during the Year, he or she or his or her estate    

    shall be entitled to receive a bonus pro-rated in accordance 

    with the percentage of his or her annual salary earned from  

    the beginning of the Year up to the date of death,            

    retirement or disability.  Should a Participant's employment   

    by the Company or a subsidiary business unit be terminated for any 
    

                                -9-

<PAGE>

    other reason, payment of any bonus hereunder for the    

    year in which such termination occurs is at the sole            

    discretion of the Organization and Compensation Committee.

         G.  This Plan shall be effective commencing as of June  

    26, 1993.  

         H.  The intended operation of the foregoing formulas for

    calculating actual bonuses are shown graphically in the     

    exhibits annexed hereto, which are incorporated herein by    

    this reference.  



                                -10-

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(C) - EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN FOR 1995
<TEXT>

                        1995 NEBS EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN
                        (Effective as of June 25, 1994)


        This Executive Bonus Plan was adopted by the Board of Directors 
of New England Business Serve, Inc. (the "Company") on July 22, 1994 
upon the recommendation of its Organization and Compensation Committee 
for the purpose of providing incentive compensation for the senior 
executives and managers of the Company and its subsidiaries.  This 
Plan shall be governed by the following definitions and calculations.  

        I.      Participants.  The Participants in the Plan for the 1995 
fiscal year of the Company (the "Year") and their respective Target 
Bonus Percentages shall be as follows:

<TABLE>

                        <S>                                              <C>
                 A.     Officers of the Company.

                        William C. Lowe, 
                        President, Chief Executive Officer               70%

                        Timothy D. Althof,
                        Vice President, Corporate Controller             50%

                        Edward M. Bolesky,
                        Vice President - General Manager, Operations     50%

                        Robert S. Brown,
                        Vice President-General Manager, Subsidiaries     50%

                        Christopher H. Corbett,
                        Vice President, Information Systems              50%

                        Russell V. Corsini, Jr.,
                        Vice President, Chief Financial Officer          50%

                        Sally C. Davis,
                        Vice President - Manual Business Forms           50%

                        Thomas W. Freeze, 
                        Vice President - Finance and Administration, 
                        Image Products                                   50%

                        The Treasurer/Secretary                             (1)

                 B.     CEOs of Subsidiaries.

                        Robert T. Richardson, 
                        President and Chief Executive,
                        NEBS Business Forms, Ltd.                        40%

                        Robert A. Lay, President and 
                        Chief Executive,
                        SYCOM, Inc.                                      40%

                        David G. Booth, Managing Director,
                        NEBS Business Stationery                         40%

                 C.     General Managers of Business Units.  

                        Michael F. Dowd,
                        General Manager, Manual Business Forms 
                        and Direct Marketing                             40%(2) 

                        Linda A. Jacobs, 
                        General Manager, Image Products                  40%(3) 

                        The General Manager,
                        Computer Forms and Software                         (4)

               D.       Selected Directors.  

                        Peter J. Zarrilla,
                        Corporate Director - Human Resources             30%(5) 

                        John Winzeler,
                        Manufacturing Director                           20%

                        Steve Schlerf,
                        Image Manufacturing Director                     40%

                        John Gamelin,
                        Operations Director (NCF/Software)               20%

                        Dave Foster,
                        Finance Director (NCF/Software)                  20%

                        Karen Hartzell,
                        Customer Relations Director                      20%

                        Joe Cali, 
                        Finance Director (Manual Business Forms)         20%

                        Gregg Walsh,
                        Operations Controller                            20%
<FN>

<F1>    Such percentage as shall be approved by the Board of Directors upon
        such officer's election.
<F2>    50% effective January 1, 1995 if promoted to Vice President as of
        that date.
<F3>    50% effective January 1, 1995 if promoted to Vice President as of
        that date.
<F4>    Such percentage as shall be approved by the Organization and 
        Compensation Committee upon such General Manager's appointment.
<F5>    50% effective January 1, 1995 if promoted to Vice President as of
        that date.
</TABLE>


No Participant shall be eligible to participate in the NEBS Profit 
Sharing Plan for any year in which he or she is entitled to 
participate in this Plan.  

        II.     Target Bonus.  The Target Bonus payable to a Participant 
with respect to the Year shall be an amount arrived at by multiplying 
his or her base salary initially fixed for the Year by his or her 
Target Bonus Percentage.  

        III.    Actual Bonuses.  

                A.    President, Chief Executive Officer and Vice President, 
                      Chief Financial Officer.  

                      1.    The Actual Bonus of each of these Participants 
                            shall be calculated by multiplying his Target 
                            Bonus by a percentage which shall be 50% of the 
                            sum of (i) a "Consolidated Sales Factor" based on 
                            the percentage which the consolidated net sales 
                            for the Year are of $272, 000,000 (the "targeted 
                            consolidated net sales" for the Year), and (ii) a 
                            "Consolidated Profit Factor" based on the 
                            percentage which the consolidated earnings per 
                            share for the Year are of $1.30 per share (the 
                            "targeted consolidated earnings per share" for 
                            the Year), as described below:

                            (a)   Consolidated Sales Factor equals 100% plus 
                                  6.48% for each one percent by which 
                                  consolidated net sales are more than the 
                                  targeted consolidated net sales for the 
                                  Year, or 100% minus 6.48% for each one 
                                  percent by which consolidated net sales are 
                                  less than the targeted consolidated net 
                                  sales for the Year (calculated in either 
                                  case to the nearest one-tenth of one 
                                  percent), provided that the Sales Factor 
                                  shall be 0% if consolidated net sales for 
                                  the Year are less than $251,000,000.  
 
                            (b)   Consolidated Profit Factor equals 100% plus 
                                  6.48% for each one percent (1.3 cents) by 
                                  which consolidated earnings per share are 
                                  more than the targeted consolidated 
                                  earnings per share for the Year up to and 
                                  including $1.43 and 9.72% for each one 
                                  percent (1.3 cents) by which consolidated 
                                  earnings per share are more than $1.43, or 
                                  100% minus 6.48% for each one percent (1.3 
                                  cents) by which consolidated earnings per 
                                  share are less than $1.30 (calculated in 
                                  either case to the nearest one-tenth of one 
                                  percent), provided that the profit factor 
                                  shall be 0% if the earnings per share for 
                                  the Year are less than $1.20.

                      2.    No bonuses shall be paid to either of these 
                            Officers if the Company's consolidated earnings 
                            per share for the Year are less than $1.11.  

                B.    Chief Executives of Subsidiary Business Units.  

                      1.    Each of the Chief Executives of NEBS Business 
                            Forms,  Ltd. and SYCOM , Inc. and the Managing 
                            Director of NEBS Business Stationery shall be 
                            paid an actual bonus which shall be the sum of 
                            the following products: 

                            (a)   15% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor; 

                            (b)   15% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor; 

                            (c)   The sum of his unit's quarterly sales 
                                  factor awards determined pursuant to 
                                  Section 2 below; and

                            (d)   The sum of his unit's quarterly profit 
                                  factor awards determined pursuant to 
                                  Section 3.  

                      2.    The Quarterly Sales Factor  Awards of the several 
                            subsidiary business units shall reflect the 
                            degree of attainment (up to 100%) of the 
                            following quarterly unit sales goals:

                                                                             
                                                         (000,000)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                            Q1         Q2         Q3         Q4

                            <S>                              <C>        <C>        <C>        <C>
                            NEBS Business Forms              $6.0       $6.1        $6.4       $6.2

                            SYCOM, Inc.                      $3.8       $3.7        $3.9       $3.7

                            NEBS Business Stationery    [$L]0.694  [$L]0.765  [$L]0.779  [$L]0.765
</TABLE>

                            Successful attainment of each quarterly sales goal 
                            earns the participant 8.75% of his Target Bonus..  
                            Each 1% of performance below the quarterly sales 
                            goal results in a 20% reduction in the quarterly 
                            award.  For quarterly performance at 95% or less 
                            of a quarterly sales goal, the quarterly award for 
                            this factor shall be 0.  

                      3.    The Quarterly Profit Factor Awards of the several 
                            subsidiary business units shall reflect the 
                            degree of attainment (up to 100%) of the 
                            following quarterly unit profit from operations 
                            goals:

                                                                         
                                                         (000,000)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                             Q1           Q2           Q3           Q4

                            <S>                               <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
                            NEBS Business Forms               $1.0         $0.9         $1.2         $1.1

                            SYCOM, Inc.                       $0.7         $0.7         $0.7         $0.8

                            NEBS Business Stationery    [$L](0.105)  [$L](0.017)  [$L](0.009)  [$L](0.067)
</TABLE>

                            Successful attainment of each quarterly profit 
                            from operations goal earns the participant 8.75% 
                            of his Target Bonus.  Each 1% of performance below 
                            the quarterly profit from operations goal results 
                            in a 20% reduction in the quarterly award.  For 
                            quarterly performance at 95% or less of a 
                            quarterly profit from operations goal, the 
                            quarterly award for this factor shall be 0.  

                      4.    All performance calculations pursuant to 
                            Sections 2 and 3 shall be made to the nearest 
                            one-tenth of one percent. No bonus shall be paid 
                            to any CEO of a subsidiary business unit if the 
                            consolidated earnings per share for the Year are 
                            less than 1.11.  

                C.    The Officers and General Managers in Charge of the 
                      Company's Business Units.  

                      1.    The Vice President - Manual Business Forms, the 
                            Vice President-Finance and Administration, Image 
                            Products, the General Manager, Manual Business 
                            Forms and Direct Marketing, the General Manager, 
                            Computer Forms and Software (when appointed), and 
                            the General Manager, Image Products, shall be paid 
                            an actual bonus which shall be the sum of the 
                            following:

                            (a)   20% of his or her Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   20% of his or her Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor;

                            (c)   the sum of his or her unit's quarterly 
                                  sales factor awards determined pursuant to 
                                  Section 2 below;

                            (d)   the sum of his or her unit's quarterly 
                                  profit factor awards determined pursuant to 
                                  Section 3 below; and

                            (e)   20% of his or her Target Bonus times his or 
                                  her Additional Factor determined by the 
                                  President on the basis of the Qualitative 
                                  Measurements shown on Appendix A annexed 
                                  hereto.
	
                      2.    The Quarterly Sales Factor Awards of the several 
                            business units shall reflect the degree of 
                            attainment (up to 100%) of the following quarterly 
                            unit sales goals:
 
                                                         (000,000)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              Q1       Q2       Q3       Q4

                            <S>                               <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
                            Manual Business Forms             $25.7    $25.1    $28.6    $26.9
								    
                            Computer Forms and Software       $14.3    $18.7    $21.4    $18.8

                            Image Products                    $13.4    $19.0    $16.2    $15.3
</TABLE>

                            Successful attainment of each quarterly sales goal
                            earns the participant 5% of his or her Target 
                            Bonus. Each 1% of performance below a quarterly 
                            sales goal results in a 20% reduction in the 
                            quarterly award.  For quarterly performance at 95% 
                            or less of a quarterly sales goal, the quarterly 
                            award for this factor shall be 0.

                      3.    The Quarterly Profit Factor Awards of the several 
                            business units shall reflect the degree of 
                            attainment (up to 100%) of the following quarterly 
                            unit profit from operations goals:

                                                     
                                                         (000,000)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                              Q1      Q2      Q3       Q4

                            <S>                               <C>     <C>     <C>      <C>
                            Manual Business Forms             $9.4    $9.2    $10.3    $9.6

                            Computer Forms and Software       $0.1    $1.1    $ 2.4    $2.7

                            Image Products                    $0.7    $3.1    $ 1.5    $1.4
</TABLE>

                            Successful attainment of each quarterly profit 
                            from operations goal earns the participant 5% of 
                            his or her Target Bonus..  Each 1% of performance 
                            below a quarterly profit from operations goal 
                            results in a 20% reduction in the quarterly award.  
                            For quarterly performance at 95% or less of a 
                            quarterly profit from operations goal, the 
                            quarterly award for this factor shall be 0.  

                      4.    All performance calculations pursuant to 
                            Sections 2 and 3 shall be made to the nearest 
                            one-tenth of one percent. No bonus shall be paid 
                            to any of these executives if the consolidated 
                            earnings per share for the Year are less than 
                            $1.11.

                D.    Other Corporate Officers.  

                      1.    The Vice President-General Manager, Subsidiaries 
                            shall be paid an actual bonus which shall be the 
                            sum of the following eight products:

                            (a)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor;

                            (c)   10% of his Target Bonus multiplied six 
                                  times, once each by six fractions of which 
                                  the denominator is 35 in each instance and 
                                  the six numerators are the percentage of 
                                  his Target Bonus earned by the Chief 
                                  Executive of each of the three Subsidiary 
                                  Business Units based upon (a) the sum of 
                                  his unit's quarterly sales awards and 
                                  (b) the sum of his unit's quarterly profit 
                                  from operations awards for the Year.  

                      2.    The Vice President, Information Systems shall be 
                            paid an actual bonus which shall be the sum of the 
                            following three products:

                            (a)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor; and

                            (c)   60% of his Target Bonus times his 
                                  Additional Factor determined by the 
                                  President on the basis of the Qualitative 
                                  Measurements shown on Appendix A annexed 
                                  hereto.  

                      3.    The Vice President-General Manager, Operations 
                            shall be paid an actual bonus which shall be the 
                            sum of the following three products:
 
                            (a)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor; and 

                            (c)   60% of his Target Bonus times his 
                                  Additional Factor determined by the 
                                  President on the basis of the Qualitative 
                                  Measurements shown on Appendix A annexed 
                                  hereto.  

                      4.    The Vice President, Corporate Controller shall be 
                            paid an actual bonus which shall be the sum of 
                            the following three products:
	
                            (a)   35% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   35% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor; and 

                            (c)   30% of his Target Bonus times his  
                                  Additional Factor determined by the 
                                  President on the basis of the Qualitative 
                                  Measurements shown on Appendix A annexed 
                                  hereto.  

                      5.    No bonus shall be paid to any of these officers 
                            if the consolidated earnings per share for the 
                            Year are less than 1.11.
  
                E.    Selected Directors.  

                      1.    The Corporate Director-Human Resources shall be 
                            paid an actual bonus which shall be the sum of 
                            the following three products:
	
                            (a)   30% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   30% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor; and

                            (c)   40% of his Target Bonus times his 
                                  Additional Factor determined by the 
                                  President on the basis of the Qualitative 
                                  Measurements shown on Appendix A annexed 
                                  hereto.  

                      2.    The Manufacturing Director shall be paid an 
                            actual bonus which shall be the sum of the 
                            following:
	
                            (a)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor; and 

                            (c)   the sum of the quarterly sales factor 
                                  awards of Domestic NEBS for this director 
                                  determined pursuant Section 9 below;

                            (d)   the sum of the quarterly profit factor 
                                  awards of Domestic NEBS for this director 
                                  determined pursuant to Section 10 below; 
                                  and

                            (e)   40% of his Target Bonus times his  
                                  Additional Factor determined by the Vice 
                                  President-Operations on the basis of the 
                                  Qualitative Measurements shown on 
                                  Appendix A annexed hereto.  

                      3.    The Image Manufacturing Director shall be paid an 
                            actual bonus which shall be the sum of the 
                            following:
	
                            (a)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;
 
                            (b)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor;

                            (c)   the sum of the Image Product Unit's 
                                  quarterly sales factor awards determined 
                                  pursuant to Section 2 of Section C above; 

                            (d)   the sum of the Image Product Unit's 
                                  quarterly profit factor awards determined 
                                  pursuant to Section  3 above of Section C 
                                  above; and

                            (e)   20% of his Target Bonus times his 
                                  Additional Factor determined by the General 
                                  Manager-Image Products on the basis of the 
                                  Qualitative Measurements shown on 
                                  Appendix A annexed hereto.  

                      4.    The Operations Director (NCF/Software) shall be 
                            paid by an actual bonus which shall be the sum of 
                            the following:
	
                            (a)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor;

                            (c)   the sum of the NCF/Software Unit's 
                                  quarterly sales factor awards determined 
                                  pursuant to Section 2 of Section C above; 

                            (d)   the sum of the NCF/Software Unit's 
                                  quarterly profit factor awards determined 
                                  pursuant to Section 3 of Section C above; 
                                  and 

                            (e)   20% of his Target Bonus times his 
                                  Additional Factor determined by the General 
                                  Manager, Computer Forms and Software on the 
                                  basis of the Qualitative Measurements shown 
                                  on Appendix A annexed hereto.  
 
                      5.    The Finance Director (NCF/Software) shall be paid 
                            by an actual bonus which shall be the sum of the 
                            following:
	
                            (a)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor;

                            (c)   the sum of the NCF/Software Unit's 
                                  quarterly sales factor awards determined 
                                  pursuant to Section 2 of Section C above; 

                            (d)   the sum of the NCF/Software Unit's 
                                  quarterly profit factor awards determined 
                                  pursuant to Section 3 of Section C above; 
                                  and 

                            (e)   20% of his Target Bonus times his 
                                  Additional Factor determined by the General 
                                  Manager, Computer Forms and Software on the 
                                  basis of the Qualitative Measurements shown 
                                  on Appendix A annexed hereto.  
	
                      6.    The Customer Relations Director shall be paid an 
                            actual bonus which shall be the sum of the 
                            following:
	
                            (a)   20% of her Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   20% of her Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor; and 

                            (c)   the sum of the quarterly sales factor 
                                  awards of Domestic NEBS for this director 
                                  determined pursuant Section 9 below.  

                            (d)   the sum of the quarterly profit factor 
                                  awards of Domestic NEBS for this director 
                                  determined pursuant to Section 10 below.

                            (e)   40% of her Target Bonus times her  
                                  Additional Factor determined by the Vice 
                                  President-General Manager, Operations on 
                                  the basis of the Qualitative Measurements 
                                  shown on Appendix A annexed hereto.  

                      7.    The Finance Director (Manual Business Forms) 
                            shall be paid by an actual bonus which shall be 
                            the sum of the following:
	
                            (a)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor;

                            (c)   the sum of the quarterly sales factor 
                                  awards of the Manual Business Forms Unit 
                                  determined pursuant to Section 2 of 
                                  Section C above; 

                            (d)   the sum of the quarterly profit factor 
                                  awards of the Manual Business Form Unit 
                                  determined pursuant to Section 3 of Section 
                                  C above;

                            (e)   20% of his Target Bonus times his 
                                  Additional Factor determined by the General 
                                  Manager, Manual Business Forms on the basis 
                                  of the Qualitative Measurements shown on 
                                  Appendix A annexed hereto.  

                      8.    The Operations Controller shall be paid an actual 
                            bonus which shall be the sum of the following:

                            (a)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Sales Factor;

                            (b)   20% of his Target Bonus times the 
                                  Consolidated Profit Factor; and 

                            (c)   the sum of the quarterly sales factor 
                                  awards of Domestic NEBS for this director 
                                  determined pursuant to Section 9 below;

                            (d)   the sum of the quarterly profit factor 
                                  awards of Domestic NEBS for this director 
                                  determined pursuant to Section 10 below;

                            (e)   20% of his Target Bonus times his 
                                  Additional Factor determined by the Vice 
                                  President-General Manager, Operations on 
                                  the basis of the Qualitative Measurements 
                                  shown on Appendix A annexed hereto.  

                      9.    The Quarterly Sales Factor Awards of Domestic 
                            NEBS shall reflect the degree of attainment (up 
                            to 100%) of the following quarterly sales goals:

                                            (000,000)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    Q1      Q2      Q3      Q4

                                    <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>
                                    53.4M   62.8M   66.2M   61.0M
</TABLE>

                            Successful attainment of each quarterly sales 
                            goal earns the Operations Director 5% and each of 
                            the Manufacturing Director and the Customer 
                            Relations Director 2 1/2% of his or her Target 
                            Bonus.  Each 1% of performance below the 
                            quarterly sales goal results in a 20% reduction 
                            in the quarterly award.  For quarterly 
                            performance at 95% or less of quarterly sales 
                            goals, the quarterly award for this factor shall 
                            be 0.  

                     10.    The Quarterly Profit Factor Awards of Domestic 
                            NEBS shall reflect the degree of attainment (up 
                            to 100%) of the following quarterly profit from 
                            operations goals:

                                               (000,000)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                      Q1      Q2      Q3      Q4

                                      <C>     <C>     <C>     <C>
                                      $10.2   $13.3   $14.2   $13.7
</TABLE>

                            Successful attainment of each quarterly profit 
                            from operations goal earns the Operations Director 
                            5% and each of the Manufacturing Director and the 
                            Customer Relations Director 2 1/2% of his or her 
                            Target Bonus. Each 1% of performance below the 
                            quarterly profit from operations goal results in a 
                            20% reduction in the quarterly award.  For 
                            quarterly performance at 95% or less of quarterly 
                            profit from operations goals, the quarterly award 
                            for this factor shall be 0%.  
 
                     11.    All performance calculations pursuant to 
                            Sections 9 and 10 shall be made to the nearest 
                            one-tenth of one percent.  No bonus shall be paid 
                            to any of these executives if the consolidated 
                            earnings per share for the Year are less than 
                            $1.11.

        IV.     Bonus Payouts.

                80% of the payout will be in the form of cash; 20% of the 
        payout will be  in the form of NEBS Stock with a share price which is 
        established at the close of trading on the NASDAQ National Market on 
        the third business day following the issuance of the press release 
        disclosing the Company's financial results for the fourth quarter of 
        the Year.  All bonus payments, including those earned by attainment of 
        quarterly performance goals, will be made within 60 days after the 
        close of the Year.  

        V.      Certain Definitions and Other Provisions.

                A.    All references to "net" sales shall refer to 
        consolidated net sales of the Company or net sales of a subsidiary 
        business unit or business unit, as the case may be, as reported or 
        used in calculating the Company's audited consolidated earnings.  

                B.    For purposes of calculating the Consolidated Profit 
        Factor, consolidated earnings per share for the Year shall be 
        determined by dividing the consolidated net income from continuing 
        operations for the Year by the weighted average number of shares of 
        Common Stock outstanding during the Year.  Consolidated net income 
        from continuing operations shall mean such consolidated income, after 
        taxes and after provision for executive bonuses under this Plan, 
        determined in accordance with all of the accounting policies employed 
        in the preparation of the Company's audited financial statements for 
        the Year.  

                C.    Actual or targeted consolidated earnings per share, 
        actual or targeted consolidated sales, the actual or targeted profit 
        from operations of any subsidiary business unit , business unit or 
        Domestic NEBS or the actual or targeted net sales of any subsidiary 
        business unit, business unit or Domestic NEBS may, at the discretion 
        of the Organization and Compensation Committee, be adjusted to 
        eliminate the effect of (a) either the acquisition or the divestiture 
        by the Company of any subsidiary or division during the Year, and/or 
        (b) the imposition during the Year by Massachusetts or any other state 
        or states of sales taxes on services, materials or supplies purchased 
        by the Company or any subsidiary of the Company the effect of which is 
        not allowed for in the Company's annual budget for the 1995 fiscal 
        year or (c) any abatement of taxes or material increase or decrease in 
        Federal or State corporate tax rates.  It is the intention of the 
        Organization and Compensation Committee that any such discretionary 
        adjustment shall be made by it, and shall be announced to the affected 
        Participants, promptly after the occurrence of the motivating event, 
        but failure to act promptly shall not deprive the Committee of its 
        power to make such an adjustment at a later time.  

                D.    "Profit from Operations" for any subsidiary  business 
        unit or business unit of the Company or Domestic NEBS shall be 
        determined consistently with the process whereby its targeted profit 
        from operations for the Year was determined and shall not reflect any 
        charge for executive bonuses payable under this Plan.

                E.    Domestic NEBS for the purposes of this Plan means the 
        Company without its subsidiaries SYCOM , Inc., NEBS Business Forms, 
        Ltd., or NEBS Business Stationery, but including its subsidiary NEBS 
        Software, Inc.

                F.    Should a Participant die, retire, or become totally 
        disabled during the Year, he or she or his or her estate shall be 
        entitled to receive a bonus pro-rated in accordance with the 
        percentage of his or her annual salary earned from the beginning of 
        the Year up to the date of death, retirement or disability.  Should a 
        Participant's employment by the Company or a subsidiary business unit 
        be terminated for any other reason, payment of any bonus hereunder for 
        the year in which such termination occurs is at the sole discretion of 
        the Organization and Compensation Committee.

                G.    If a Participant assumes a new position during the 
        Year, the Organization and Compensation Committee may make an 
        appropriate adjustment in his or her target bonus and/or the means of 
        calculating his or her actual bonus, effective from and after that 
        event.  

                H.    This Plan shall be effective commencing June 25, 1994.  

                I.    The intended operation of the foregoing formulas for 
        calculating actual bonuses at the consolidated Company level are shown 
        graphically in the exhibits annexed hereto, which are incorporated 
        herein by this reference.  



                                             1995 NEBS EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN
                                                       Appendix A



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

POSITION                                   FY95 QUALITATIVE MEASUREMENTS


<S>                                           <C>   <S>                                              <S>  <C>
Vice President-General Manager,
Operations                                 NEBS Manufacturing (30% of Target Bonus)

                                              10%   Manufacturing Cost of Sales/Revenue              <=   31.1%	

                                              10%   Customer Complaints/Shipped Items                <=    0.46%

                                               5%   Printed Orders Shipped in 3 Days or Less         >=   76.5%

                                               5%   Inventory Turns in FY95 Without Increase in      >=    6.84x
                                                    Stockouts

                                           NEBS Administration (30% of Target Bonus)

                                              10%   Administration Cost/Revenue                      <=   11.0%	

                                              10%   Customer Complaints/Booked Items                 <=    0.65%

                                               5%   Administration Service Performance               >=   94.0%

                                               5%   Outbound Bookings                                >=   $5.758M

Vice President, Information Systems        (60% of Target Bonus)

                                              10%   Total Cost of IS & Telecommunications            <=   $9.7M
                                                    (Excl. PrintNet and Project 90)

                                              10%   Enterprise Wide Service Level                    >=   99.0%

                                              10%   Maintain Phone Line Availability and Service
                                                    Level for Administration                         >=   98.8%

                                              25%   Reduce FY95 Cost of Quality                           $0.5M

                                               5%   Delivery of PrintNet to Schedule


Vice President - Manual Business Forms     (20% of Target Bonus)

                                              10%   Integration of NBF into Image Product Line
                                                    for Total Customer Offering		

                                              10%   Establishment of Effective Program to Sell
                                                    NBF Products to NCF Customers, Achieving
                                                    At Least $7M/Quarter by Q4	


                             ALL FOOTNOTE REFERENCES ON LAST PAGE OF APPENDIX. 
<PAGE>

                                            1995 NEBS EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN
                                                      Appendix A


<S>                                           <C>   <S>                                              <S>  <C>
Vice President - Finance and
Administration, Image Products             (20% of Target Bonus)

                                              10%   Establish Administration Function to Support
                                                    Image Business Unit		

                                              10%   Establish Effective Communication with
                                                    Corporate Finance		

General Manager, Manual Business
Forms and Direct Marketing                 (20% of Target Bonus)

                                              10%   Development of Successful Direct Mail
                                                    Advertising Program for Cross-Company Use		

                                              10%   Develop a Business Opportunity Around DMA
                                                    and Mail Processing
                                                        List Rental Income                           >=   $0.5M
                                                        Mail Processing Revenue                      >=   $0.1M

General Manager, Image Products            (20% of Target Bonus)

                                              10%   Successful Establishment of New Stationery
                                                    Product Line -- At Least Rate of $3M/Quarter
                                                    by Q4 with Break-even PFO in Q4
		
                                              10%   Establishment of new Brochure Product
                                                    Offering -- At least Rate of $.5M /Quarter
                                                    Revenue by Q4		


The General Manager,
Computer Forms and Software                (20% of Target Bonus)

                                              10%   Improve Service Performance(3) to 85% or
                                                    Better and Ability to Launch Consortium
                                                    Beginning of FY96 		

                                               5%   Establish GST Product in Market

                                               5%   Achieve Windows Accounting Product
                                                    Release Date of January 15, 1995		

Vice President, Corporate Controller       (30% of Target Bonus)

                                              15%   Establishment of Meaningful Measurements
                                                    for Each Business Unit

                                              15%   Maintenance of Timely Awareness of
                                                    Business Unit Performance Along with
                                                    Management of Balanced Quarter to Quarter
                                                    Performance
<PAGE>

                                            1995 NEBS EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN
                                                      Appendix A

<S>                                           <C>   <S>                                              <S>  <C>
The Treasurer/Secretary                    (30% of Target Bonus)

                                              15%   Establish an investor relations plan in
                                                    conjunction with the repositioning of the
                                                    Company by December 1, 1994. Then
                                                    execute the plan as approved through
                                                    year-end.

                                              15%   Develop a transfer pricing policy and
                                                    procedure for the Company that integrates
                                                    tax, legal, financial, and operating
                                                    considerations.  This plan should also
                                                    address administrative and control aspects.
                                                    To be completed and implemented by
                                                    May 15, 1995.

Corporate Director -- Human Resources      (40% of Target Bonus)

                                              20%   Departmental Expense                             <    $4.0M	

                                              10%   Maintain Effective Corporate Communications            1.05
                                                    and Management Programs as Measured by                 Survey
                                                    Overall Employee Morale Measures                  >=   index
                                                                                                           (NEBS as
                                              10%   Maintain Effective Awareness of Employee               a place to 
                                                    Issues and Interaction with Officer/Executive          work)
                                                    Team		

Image Manufacturing Director               (50% of Target Bonus)

                                              20%   FY95 Stationery Cost of Sales                     <=   46.4% of
                                                    Note: This number includes both standard               Net Sales
                                                    and custom stationery through direct mail.

                                              10%   Custom Cost Sales                                 <=   47.5% of
                                                    Note: This number includes all custom                  Net Sales
                                                    through direct mail except custom stationery
                                                    which is included in the above.	

                                              15%   By January 1, 1995, position Image Business
                                                    Unit to produce full color brochure printing
                                                    independent of our current source
                                                    (Instacolor).  Per current plan, develop an
                                                    in-house prepress capability in Phoenix,
                                                    outsourcing the printing to a local printer.

                                               5%   Starburst Cost Neutral (breakeven @ PFO for
                                                    the year)

Operations Director (NCF/Software)(20% of Target Bonus)

                                              20%   NCF/Software Service Performance(3) for
                                                    FY95                                              >=   85.0%

Finance Director (NCF/Software)            (20% of Target Bonus)

                                              20%   Set up a central system that allows for the
                                                    timely retrieval of P&L information by product
                                                    managers and directors of the business

Finance Director (Manual Business
Forms)                                     (20% of Target Bonus)

                                              10%   Develop a Business Opportunity Around Mail        >=   $0.1M
                                                    Processing for FY95                                    (Revenue)

                                              10%   Large Account Sales for FY95                      >=   $1.0M

Manufacturing Director                     (40% of Target Bonus)

                                               8%   Manufacturing Cost of Sales/Revenue(1) for
                                                    FY95                                              <=   29.5%

                                               8%   Manufacturing Customer Complaints/Shipped
                                                    Items for FY95                                    <=   0.38%

                                               4%   Printed Orders Shipped in 3 Days or Less          >=   76.5%

                                               8%   To Support the Achievement of Operations
                                                    Objectives

                                              12%   *  To develop and begin implementation of a
                                                       systems plan for Manufacturing that results in
                                                       improved measurable performance.

                                                    *  To optimize the team-based organization in
                                                       Manufacturing that results in lower costs,
                                                       higher quality, and improved service.

                                                    *  To develop a base forms strategy for NEBS
                                                       that optimizes our backward integration effort.

                                                    *  To develop a plan to improve the delivery of
                                                       late orders in the NEBS order fulfillment
                                                       system.
<PAGE>

                                            1995 NEBS EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN
                                                      Appendix A


<S>                                          <C>   <S>                                                 <S>  <C>
Customer Relations Director                (40% of Target Bonus)
												                  
                                              8%    Administration Cost/Revenue(2)                     <=   6.8%

                                              8%    Administration Customer Complaints/Booked Items    <=   0.65%

                                              4%    Administration Service Performance(4)              >=   94.0%

                                              8%    To Support the Achievement of Operations
                                                    Objectives

                                             12%    *  To develop and execute a plan to implement
                                                       Project 90 in Telemarketing and Customer
                                                       Service.  The implementation plan is expected
                                                       to be completed in FY95 in Telemarketing with
                                                       Customer Service being completed in FY96.

                                                    *  To achieve 2/20 objectives in Telemarketing
                                                       ($285K) and Order Entry ($500K).

                                                    *  To complete the Administration expansion
                                                       project in Flagstaff and develop an
                                                       Administration expansion plan that optimizes
                                                       service and reduces cost.

                                                    *  To improve the effectiveness of the Customer
                                                       Service department through a reengineering
                                                       effort that will result in improved service, lower
                                                       costs, and higher quality.

Operations Controller                      (20% of Target Bonus)

                                              3%    Manufacturing Cost of Sales/Revenue(1)                    <=    11.0%

                                              3%    Administration Customer Complaints/Booked
                                                    Items                                                     <=    0.65%

                                              3%    Administration Cost/Revenue(2)                            <=    31.1%

                                              3%    Manufacturing Customer Complaints/Shipped
                                                    Items                                                     <=    0.46%

                                              8%    *  To support the achievement of specific
                                                       operations objectives, including the
                                                       development of a base forms strategy and
                                                       achievement of domestic bad debt objectives

                                                    *  To support the achievement of remaining
                                                       2/20 Operations objectives

<PAGE>

                                            1995 NEBS EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN
                                                      Appendix A


                                                  FOOTNOTE REFERENCES

<FN>
<F1>    Revenue = Domestic NEBS Net Sales excluding orders shipped from
        Peterborough (i.e., all Custom and Standard products produced in
        Peterborough).

<F2>    Revenue = Domestic NEBS Net Sales excluding DFS and Custom products.

<F3>    Service Performance = Percentage of incoming customer calls handled 
        by the Technical Support Group in the Computer Forms and Software 
        business unit (Nashua).

<F4>    Service Performance = Percentage of incoming customer calls handled
        by all departments (consolidated) reporting to Customer Relations 
        Director.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(D) - LINE OF CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>



                              
                                                            November 1, 1993

Mr. Thomas W. Freeze
Treasurer
New England Business Service Inc.
500 Main Street
Groton,    MA  01471

Dear Tom:

     This letter will serve to confirm that The First National Bank of Boston 
(the "Bank") holds available for New England Business Service, Inc. a 
$10,000,000 unsecured line of credit to extend through October 31, 1994. 
All borrowings under this line will be payable on demand.  This line shall 
be available for general corporate purposes.

     As compensation for this line of credit, you agree to pay a fee of 1/4% 
per annum (calculated on the basis of a 360-day year) on the full amount of
the facility.  This will be payable quarterly in arrears on the last banking
day of each calendar quarter ending in March, June, September and December.

     At your option, borrowings will be priced at the rates we quote you as:

     our Alternate Base Rate [the higher of the Bank's announced Base Rate 
     or overnight Federal Funds rate plus rate plus 1/2%], or

     our 1, 2, or 3-month reserve-adjusted Eurodollar Rate plus 3/8%,

the Eurodollar Rate being determined by the Bank at 10:00 a.m. Boston time on 
the day (which shall be a business day) two business days prior to the date 
of the requested borrowing. Requests for borrowings at these pricing options 
must be received by 11:00 a.m. Boston time on the date of the requested 
borrowing, (in the case of Base Rate Loans) and at least one business day
before the time for determining the relevant rate (in the case of Eurodollar 
Rate Loans).  Eurodollar Rate Loans may be requested for interest periods of 
one, two, or three months; and no loan shall have an interest period that 
extends beyond the expiration of this line of credit.  All loans will be 
made by crediting the proceeds thereof to your demand deposit account 
maintained at the Bank.

     Each Alternate Base Rate loan made under this line of credit must be in 
a minimum amount of $500,000, or any larger amount which is an integral 
multiple of $100,000.

     All Eurodollar Rates will be adjusted for reserves, if any. Borrowings 
under the Eurodollar pricing option must be in minimum increments of 
$1,000,000 or greater multiples of $100,000.  If any Eurodollar Rate Loans 
are paid on a date other than the last day of the applicable interest period 
(whether by reason of voluntary prepayment, acceleration or otherwise), you 
shall compensate us for any funding losses and other costs (including lost
profits) incurred as a result of such prepayment.  Our willingness to offer



<PAGE>


                                 -2-


Eurodollar Rates is subject to the availability of funding sources and the 
continued legality of our offering such pricing options.  You agree to 
reimburse us for any increased costs (taxes, regulatory reserves or 
assessments, etc.) incurred by us in connection with borrowings at such 
pricing options.

     We may also quote you "money market" rates (it being understood that we 
are under no obligation to do so), establishing the fixed rate of interest 
at which we are willing to make money market loans to you in the amount and 
for the interest period requested.  Money market loans may be requested for 
interest periods of up to 60 days.  We will require that money market loans 
be in minimum increments of $1,000,000 or greater multiples of $100,000.  No 
voluntary prepayment of money market loans will be permitted.

     All borrowings shall be evidenced by, and all principal and interest 
shall be payable in accordance with the terms of a promissory note in the 
form attached hereto.  You authorize us to record each borrowing and the 
corresponding information on the schedule forming a part of such promissory 
note, and this schedule, together with our corresponding records of debit and
credit, shall constitute the official record of all borrowings under this 
facility.  You agree that this record shall be prima facie evidence of the 
amounts of the borrowings under this facility.

     The availability of loans under this facility is subject to our usual 
condition that we continue to be satisfied with the affairs of New England 
Business Service, Inc. and to any substantive changes in governmental 
regulations or monetary policies.

     If the foregoing satisfactorily sets forth the terms and conditions of 
this line of credit, please execute and return the enclosed copy of this 
letter and the attached promissory note.  We are pleased to provide this 
line and look forward to the ongoing development of our relationship.

     Sincerely,


     /s/Thomas F. Farley                /s/  Chris D. Francis
     Thomas F. Farley                   Chris D. Francis
     Vice President                     Assistant Vice President



Accepted:
New England Business Service, Inc.

By:      /s/ Thomas W. Freeze

Title:   Treasurer                   

Date:    11/10/93                          


<PAGE>


                       NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC.
                         COMMERCIAL PROMISSORY NOTE


$10,000,000                                                  November 1, 1993
Boston, Massachusetts

     
     FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned (jointly and severally if more than 
one) promise(s) to pay to the order of THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON
(together with any successors or assigns, the "Bank"), a national banking 
association with its Head Office at 100 Federal Street, Boston, Massachusetts
02110, the aggregate principal amount of all loans made Bank to the 
undersigned pursuant to the letter agreement between the Bank an the 
undersigned dated November 1, 1993, as shown in the schedule at hereto (the 
"Note Schedule"), together with interest on each loan from date such loan is 
made until the maturity thereof at the applicable rate forth in the Note 
Schedule.  The principal amount of each loan shall be payable on demand or, 
if demand is not earlier made, on the last day of the applicable interest 
period, if any, indicated in the Note Schedule.  Interest on the principal 
amount of each loan shall be payable in arrears on the same day as the 
principal amount is due, provided that (i) interest on each loan bearing 
interest at the Base Rate shall be payable on the last day of each quarter, 
beginning on the first of such dates occurring after the date such loan and 
when such loan is due, and (ii) if the maturity of any loan is more than 
three months from the date of such loan,  then interest shall be payable at 
intervals of three months and when such loan is due. Loans which are shown 
as bearing interest at the Base Rate shall bear interest at a rate per annum 
equal to the greater of (i) the rate of interest announced from time to time 
by the Bank at its head force as its "Base Rate", and (ii) the rate equal to 
the weighted average of the published rates on overnight Federal Funds 
transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System plus 1/2%. The
applicable floating rate shall change as and when the Base Rate changes, and 
changes in the Base Rate shall take effect on the day announced unless 
otherwise specified in the announcement.  Interest shall be calculated on the
basis of a 360-day year for the actual number of days elapsed including 
holidays and days on which the Bank is not open for the conduct of banking 
business. 

SECTION 1.     PAYMENT TERMS.

     1.1     PAYMENTS; PREPAYMENTS.     All payments hereunder shall be made 
by the undersigned to the Bank in United States currency at the Bank's 
address specified above (or at such other address as the bank may specify), 
in immediately available funds on or before 2:00 p.m. (Boston, Massachusetts 
time) on the due date thereof.  Payments received by the Bank prior to the
occurrence of an Event of Default (as defined in Section 2) will be applied 
first to fees, expenses and other amounts due hereunder (excluding principal 
and interest); second, to accrued interest; and third to outstanding 
principal; after the occurrence of an Event of Default, payments will be 
applied to the Obligations under this Note as the Bank determines in its sole 
discretion.  Subject to Section 1.2,  the undersigned pay all or a portion of
the amount owed earlier than it is due without premium or other charge.


<PAGE>

                                     2

     1.2     PREPAYMENT CHARGE.     If any loan made under this Note bears 
interest at a fixed rate and any payment of principal is made for any reason 
on any day other than the date scheduled therefor, whether voluntary or as a 
result of acceleration or otherwise, the undersigned shall reimburse the Bank 
for the loss, if any, including any lost profits, resulting from such 
prepayment, as reasonably determined by the Bank.  The undersigned shall pay 
such loss upon presentation by the Bank of a statement of the amount of such 
loss, setting forth the Bank's calculation thereof, which notice and 
calculation (including the method of calculation) shall be deemed true and 
correct absent manifest error.

     1.3     DEFAULT RATE.  To the extent permitted by applicable law, upon 
and after the occurrence of an Event of Default (whether or not the Bank has 
accelerated payment of this Note), interest on principal and overdue interest
shall, at the option of the Bank, be payable on demand at a rate per annum 
equal to 2.00% above the greater of the rate of interest otherwise payable
hereunder or the Base Rate.

(check if       1.4  DEPOSIT ACCOUNT.   The undersigned shall maintain with 
applicable)     the Bank a commercial demand deposit account.  The 
                undersigned requests and authorizes the Bank to debit such 
                account for amounts due hereunder on each date such amounts
                become due.  The undersigned shall maintain sufficient 
                collected balances in this account to pay any such amounts 
                as they become due.


SECTION 2.     DEFAULTS AND REMEDIES.

     2.1  DEFAULT.     The occurrence of any of the following events or 
conditions shall constitute an "Event of Default" hereunder:

          (a)  (i) default in the payment when due of the principal of or 
          interest on this Note or (ii) any other default in the payment or 
          performance of this Note or of any other Obligation or (iii) 
          default in the payment or performance of any obligation of and 
          Obligor to others for borrowed money or in respect of any extension 
          of credit or accommodation or under any lease;

          (b)  failure of any representation or warranty herein or in any 
          agreement, instrument, document or financial statement delivered to 
          the Bank in connection herewith to be true and correct in any 
          material respect;

          (c)  default or breach of any condition under any mortgage, 
          security agreement, assignment of  lease, or other agreement 
          securing, constituting or otherwise relating to any collateral for 
          the Obligations;

          (d)  failure to furnish the Bank promptly on request with financial 
          information about, or to permit inspection by the Bank of any 
          books, records and properties of, any Obligor;

          (e)  merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the 
          assets or change in control of any Obligor; or



<PAGE>

                                      3

          (f)  any Obligor generally not paying its debts as they become due;
          the death, dissolution, termination of existence or insolvency of 
          any Obligor; the appointment of a trustee, receiver, custodian, 
          liquidator or other similar official for such Obligor or any 
          substantial part of its property or the assignment for the benefit 
          of creditors by any Obligor; or the commencement of any proceedings
          under any bankruptcy or insolvency laws by or against any Obligor.

     As used herein, "Obligation"  means any obligation hereunder or 
otherwise of any Obligor to the Bank or to any of its affiliates, whether 
direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing 
or hereafter arising; and the "Obligor" means the undersigned, any guarantor 
or any other person primarily or secondarily liable hereunder or in respect
hereof, including any person or entity who has pledged or granted to the Bank
a security interest in, or other lien on, property on behalf of the 
undersigned as collateral for the Obligations.

     2.2  REMEDIES. Upon an Event of Default described in edition 2.1(f) 
immediately and automatically, and upon or after the occurrence of any other 
Event of Default at the option of the Bank, all Obligations of the undersigned 
shall become immediately due and payable without notice or demand, and the 
Bank shall then have in any jurisdiction where enforcement hereof is sought, 
the rights and remedies of a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code 
of Massachusetts.  All rights and remedies of the Bank are cumulative and are 
exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by law or in equity or any other 
agreement, and may be exercised separately or concurrently.


SECTION 3.     MISCELLANEOUS.

     3.1  WAIVER; AMENDMENT.  No delay or omission on the part of the Bank in 
exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right or of 
any other right under this Note.  No waiver or any right or any amendment 
hereto shall be effective unless in writing and signed by the Bank, nor shall 
a waiver on one occasion bar or waive the exercise of any such right on any
future occasion.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the 
acceptance by the Bank of any late payment shall not be deemed to be a waiver 
of the Event of Default arising as consequence thereof.  Each Obligor waives 
presentment, demand, notice, protest, and all other demands and notices in 
connection with the delivery, acceptance, performance, default or enforcement 
of this Note or of any collateral for the Obligations, and assents to any 
extensions or postponements of the time of payment and to any other 
indulgences under this Note or with respect to any such collateral, to any 
substitutions, exchanges or releases of any such collateral, and to any 
additions or releases of any other parties or persons primarily or 
secondarily liable hereunder, that from time to time may be granted by the 
Bank in connection herewith.

     3.2  TAXES.     The undersigned agrees to indemnify the Bank and hold it 
harmless from and against any transfer taxes, documentary taxes, assessment or 
charges made by any governmental authority by reason of the execution, 
delivery, and performance of  this Note or any collateral for the Obligations.

     3.3  EXPENSES.     The undersigned will pay on demand all reasonable 
expenses of the Bank in connection with the preparation, administration, 
default, collection, waiver or amendment of the Obligations or in connection 
with the Bank's exercise, preservation or enforcement of any of its rights,


<PAGE>


                                     4

remedies or options thereunder,  including, without limitation, fees of 
outside legal counsel or the allocation costs of in-house legal counsel, 
accounting, consulting, brokerage or other similar professional fees or 
expenses, and any fees or expenses associated with any travel or other costs 
relating to any appraisals or examinations conducted in connection with the
Obligations or any collateral therefor, and the amount of all such expenses 
shall, until paid, bear interest at the rate applicable to principal 
hereunder (including any default rate) and be an Obligation secured by any 
such collateral.

     3.4  BANK RECORDS.    The entries on the records of the Bank (including 
any appearing on the Note) shall be prima facie evidence of the aggregate 
principal amount outstanding under this Note and interest accrued thereon.

     3.5     INFORMATION.       The undersigned shall furnish the Bank from 
time to time with such financial statements and other information relating to 
any Obligor or any collateral securing this Note as the Bank may require.  
All such information shall be true and correct and fairly represent the 
financial condition and the operating results of such Obligor as of the date 
and for the periods for which the same are furnished.  The undersigned shall
permit representatives of the Bank to inspect its properties and its books 
and records, and to make copies or abstracts thereof.  Each Obligor 
authorizes the Bank to release and disclose to its affiliates, agents and 
contractors any financial statements and other information relating to said 
Obligor provided to or prepared by or for the Bank in connection with any 
Obligation.  The undersigned will notify the Bank promptly of the existence or
upon the occurrence of any Event of Default or event which, with the giving 
of notice or the passage of time or both, would become an Event of Default.

     3.6     GOVERNING LAW; CONSENT TO JURISDICTION.     This Note is 
intended to take effect as a sealed instrument and shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts, 
without regard to this conflict of law rules.  The undersigned agrees that 
any suit for the enforcement of this Note may be brought in the courts of such
state or any Federal Court sitting in such state and consents to the 
non-exclusive jurisdiction of each such court and to service of  process in 
any such suit being made upon the undersigned by mail at the address 
specified below.  The undersigned hereby waives any objection that it may 
now or hereafter have to the venue of any such suit or any such court or that 
such suite was brought in an inconvenient court.

     3.7     SEVERABILITY; AUTHORIZATION TO COMPLETE; PARAGRAPH HEADINGS.
If  any provision of this Note shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, 
such provisions shall be severable from the remainder of this Note and the 
validity, legality and enforceability of  the remaining provision shall not in 
any way be affected or impaired thereby.  The Bank is hereby authorized, 
without further notice, to fill any blank spaces on this Note and to date 
this Note as the date funds are first advanced hereunder.  Paragraph headings
are for the convenience of reference only and are not a part of this Note and 
shall not affect its interpretation

          
<PAGE>

                                     5

     3.8     JURY WAIVER.     THE BANK (BY ITS ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTE) AND 
THE UNDERSIGNED AGREE THAT NEITHER OF THEM NOR ANY ASSIGNEE OR SUCCESSOR 
SHALL (A) SEEK A JURY TRIAL IN ANY LAWSUIT, PROCEEDING, COUNTERCLAIM, OR ANY 
OTHER ACTION BASED UPON, OR ARISING OUT OF, THIS NOTE, ANY RELATED 
INSTRUMENTS, ANY COLLATERAL OR THE DEALINGS OR THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN OR 
AMONG ANY OF THEM, OR (B) SEEK TO CONSOLIDATE ANY SUCH ACTION WITH ANY OTHER 
ACTION IN WHICH A JURY TRIAL CANNOT BE OR HAS NOT BEEN WAIVED.  THE 
PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH SHALL BE SUBJECT TO NO EXCEPTIONS.  NEITHER THE 
BANK NOR THE UNDERSIGNED HAS AGREED WITH OR REPRESENTED TO THE OTHER THAT THE 
PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH WILL NOT BE FULLY ENFORCED IN ALL INSTANCES.


Address:

New England Business Service, Inc.

500 Main Street                              By:  /s/ Thomas W. Freeze  
(Number)           (Street)                  (Type Name) Thomas W. Freeze  
                                             Title:  Treasurer        
Groton, MA  01471                            
(City, State)      (Zip Code)


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10F - NEBS 1994 KEY STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>

                      NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC.
                 NEBS 1994 KEY EMPLOYEE AND ELIGIBLE DIRECTOR 
                 STOCK OPTION AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS PLAN

                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>

<C>     <S>                                                                  <C>
1.      PURPOSE AND GENERAL MATTERS                                          1
        A.      PURPOSE                                                      1
        B.      GENERAL MATTERS                                              1
2.      ADMINISTRATION                                                       2
3.      STOCK                                                                3
        A.      SHARES RESERVED UNDER THE PLAN                               3
        B.      STATUS OF SHARES IN TERMINATED OR SURRENDERED OPTIONS        3
        C.      ADJUSTMENT OF SHARES RESERVED UNDER THE PLAN                 4
4.      ELIGIBILITY                                                          4
        A.      EMPLOYEES                                                    4
        B.      ELIGIBLE DIRECTORS                                           5
5.      TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF OPTIONS                                      5
        A.      NUMBER OF SHARES AND MAXIMUM FAIR MARKET VALUE               5
        B.      OPTION PRICE                                                 6
        C.      EXPIRATION OF OPTIONS                                        6
        D.      EXERCISE                                                     6
        E.      WAITING PERIOD                                               7
        F.      TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR ELIGIBLE DIRECTOR STATUS        7
        G.      ASSIGNABILITY OF OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS       8
        H.      STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS                                           8
        I.      SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE AND OTHER CONDITIONS               8
        J.      NON-INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS                                  8
6.      STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS                                            9
        A.      IN GENERAL                                                   9
        B.      COMMITTEE'S POWER TO INCLUDE APPRECIATION RIGHTS IN OPTION
                GRANT                                                        9
        C.      FORM OF APPRECIATION DISTRIBUTIONS                           10
        D.      TAX WITHHOLDING REQUIRED                                     10
        E.      COMPLIANCE WITH SHORT-SWING PROFITS RULE                     10
        F.      COMMITTEE'S POWER TO LIMIT ANNUAL AMOUNT OF APPRECIATION
                DISTRIBUTIONS                                                11
7.      REPLACEMENT OPTIONS                                                  11
8.      REORGANIZATION                                                       11
9.      AMENDMENT                                                            12
10.     EFFECTIVE DATE AND TERM OF PLAN                                      13
        A.      EFFECTIVE DATE                                               13
        B.      TERM OF PLAN                                                 14
11.     CHANGE IN CONTROL                                                    14
</TABLE>


                      NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC.


                 NEBS 1994 KEY EMPLOYEE AND ELIGIBLE DIRECTOR 
                STOCK OPTION AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS PLAN

                             DATED July 22, 1994

1.      Purpose and General Matters

(a)     Purpose.   The purpose of the NEBS Key Employee and Eligible 
Director Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights Plan (the "Plan") is to 
provide a means whereby New England Business Service, Inc. (the "Company"), by 
granting options to purchase stock in the Company and stock appreciation 
rights in connection with certain of such options, can attract and retain 
persons of ability as key employees of the Company or of any corporation a 
majority of the voting stock of which is owned by the Company (a "Subsidiary") 
and as non-employee directors of the Company.  It is also the purpose of the 
Plan to provide a performance incentive to option holders and to encourage 
stock ownership in the Company by such key employees and non-employee 
directors.

(b)     General Matters.   It is intended that options granted under the 
Plan shall constitute either "incentive stock options," within the meaning of 
Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as from time to time amended 
(the "Code"), or "non-incentive stock options," as determined by the Committee 
appointed pursuant to Section 2 of the Plan in its sole discretion and 
indicated on each form of option agreement (the "Option Agreement"), and the 
terms of the Plan and Option Agreements shall be construed accordingly; 
provided, however, that non-employee directors shall be granted non-incentive 
stock options only.  Except as otherwise provided herein, the words parent and 
subsidiary shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 422 and Section 424 
of the Code.

2.      Administration

        The Plan shall be administered and interpreted by a committee (the 
"Committee") appointed by (and serving at the pleasure of) the Company's Board 
of Directors (the "Board").  The Committee shall consist of not less than two 
members of the Board, each of whom while serving as such shall be, and during 
the one year prior to such service shall have been, a person who in the 
opinion of counsel to the Company is (i) a "Disinterested Person," as such 
term is used in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended (the "Act"), and (ii) an "Outside Director," as such term is 
used in proposed regulation 1.162-27(e)(3) under Section 162(m) of the Code.  
A majority of the Committee members present at any meeting at which a quorum 
is present, and any acts approved in writing by all members without a meeting, 
shall constitute acts of the Committee.

        Subject to the provisions of the Plan the Committee shall determine 
with respect to options granted to employees of the Company or any Subsidiary:

        (a)    the employees to whom options shall be granted;

        (b)    the number of shares to be optioned to each employee;

        (c)    whether any option granted hereunder to an employee shall be an 
incentive stock option or a non-incentive stock option;

        (d)    whether or not any option granted hereunder to an employee shall 
contain stock appreciation rights (as provided in Section 6 below); and

        (e)    the terms and conditions of each agreement between the Company 
and the employee to whom the Company has granted any option under the Plan.

        Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to options granted to non-
employee directors of the Company who are Disinterested Directors, this Plan 
is intended to meet the requirements of Rule 16b-3(c)(2)(ii) promulgated under 
the Act and accordingly is intended to be self-governing with respect to such 
options.  To this end, the Plan requires no discretionary action by any 
administrative body with regard to any transaction involving such options, but 
to the extent (if any) that questions of interpretation and construction 
arise, such questions shall be resolved by the Committee.

        Consistent with the foregoing, the Committee shall have full authority 
to administer the Plan, including authority to interpret and construe any 
provisions of the Plan and to adopt rules and regulations for administering 
the Plan, as it may deem necessary.  Decisions of the Committee shall be final 
and binding on all persons who have an interest in the Plan.

        No members of the Committee or of the Board shall be held liable for
any action or determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any 
option granted hereunder.

3.      Stock

        (a)    Shares Reserved under the Plan.  Subject to the provisions of 
clause (c) below, the stock which shall be the subject of the options and 
appreciation rights granted under the Plan shall be shares of the Company's 
Common Stock, par value $1 per share (the "Stock"), and the total number of 
shares of Stock as to which options may be granted under the Plan shall not 
exceed 1,200,000.

        (b)    Status of Shares in Terminated or Surrendered Options.  If any 
outstanding option under the Plan expires or is terminated for any reason, or 
is surrendered pursuant to Section 6 below, then the shares of Stock allocable 
to the unexercised or surrendered portion of such option, less any shares 
distributed in payment of stock appreciation rights upon such surrender, shall 
be added to the remaining number of shares as to which future options may be 
granted under the Plan.

        (c)    Adjustment of Shares Reserved under the Plan.  If the Company 
shall combine or split the Stock or shall declare thereon any dividend payable 
in shares of Stock, or shall reclassify or take any other action of a similar 
nature affecting the Stock, then the number and class of shares of Stock which 
may thereafter be optioned (in the aggregate and to any participant) shall be 
adjusted accordingly, and, in the case of each option outstanding at the time 
of any such action, the number and class of shares which may thereafter be 
purchased pursuant to such option and the option price per share shall be 
adjusted to such extent as may be determined by the Board, upon recommendation 
of the Committee, to be necessary to maintain unimpaired and unenlarged the 
rights of the holder of such option, and any such determination shall be 
conclusive and binding upon such holder.  After any such adjustment, the term 
"Stock" shall be deemed to mean the Stock as so adjusted.

4.      Eligibility

        (a)    Employees.  All employees of the Company or of any Subsidiary 
("Employees") shall be eligible to participate in the Plan and to receive 
grants of stock options ("Employee Options") hereunder, except that no 
Employee shall be granted an incentive stock option if, at the time the option 
is granted, such Employee owns stock of the Company which, taking into account 
the attribution rules of Section 424(d) of the Code, possesses more than ten 
per cent (10%) of the total combined voting power of all classes of the 
Company's stock then outstanding.  Officers and directors of the Company or of 
any Subsidiary who are full-time Employees and who otherwise meet the 
foregoing terms of eligibility shall be eligible to participate in the Plan 
and to receive grants of Employee Options hereunder.

        (b)    Eligible Directors.  "Eligible Directors" shall mean directors of
the Company who are directors on the date of grant, who are not Employees, and 
who are not eligible to participate under any other Company stock related plan 
(unless in the opinion of counsel to the Company such participation would not 
impair the status of such Eligible Director as a Disinterested Person and an 
Outside Director).  All options granted under the Plan to Eligible Directors 
shall be non-incentive stock options within the meaning of Section 422 of the 
Code.

        Each Eligible Director who is such on the 30th day following the date
on which each Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of the Company (the "Annual 
Meeting") is held during the term of the Plan shall on such 30th day be 
granted a stock option (a "Director Option") to purchase 1,000 shares of 
Stock; provided that the first such grant to each Eligible Director shall be 
for an option to purchase 3,000 shares of Stock.

        The date of grant of a Director Option under the Plan to an Eligible 
Director shall be the applicable day referred to immediately above.

5.      Terms and Conditions of Options

        (a)    Number of Shares and Maximum Fair Market Value.  Each Option 
Agreement shall state the total number of shares to which it pertains.  The 
maximum number of shares of Stock with respect to which Employee Options may 
be granted under the Plan to any Employee during any single calendar year 
shall be 80,000 shares.  The aggregate fair market value (determined at the 
time the option is granted) of the Stock with respect to which incentive stock 
options become exercisable for the first time by an individual during any 
calendar year (under all the plans of his or her employer corporation and its 
parent and subsidiary corporations) shall not exceed $100,000.

        (b)    Option Price.  Each Option Agreement shall state a single option 
price applicable to all of the shares to which it pertains.  The option price 
per share shall be the fair market value (the "Fair Market Value") of a share 
of Stock on the day the option is granted.  For purposes of determining the 
option price (and for all other valuation purposes under the Plan) the Fair 
Market Value of a share of Stock shall be the last sales price per share of 
the Stock as reported on the NASDAQ National Market prior to the date on which 
such option is granted (or on or prior to the date as to which such other 
valuation is made), or, if the Stock is not then listed on the NASDAQ National 
Market or if no price has been so reported within one week prior to the date 
of such issuance (or within one week prior to such other valuation date), such 
market value shall be as determined by a principal market maker for the Stock 
designated by the Committee.

        (c)    Expiration of Options.  Each Option Agreement shall state the 
date on which it shall expire, which (i) shall be ten (10) years from the date 
of grant in the case of Director Options; (ii) shall not be more than ten (10) 
years from the date of grant for Employee Options; and (iii) shall otherwise 
be as determined by the Committee.

        (d)    Exercise.  Any option may be exercised by the holder thereof (or 
his personal representative if exercised pursuant to clause (iii) of 
subsection (f) below) giving notice in writing of such exercise to the Vice 
President-Finance of the Company during the period that it is exercisable.  
The option price for the number of shares for which the option is exercised 
shall be due and payable at the time of such exercise.  It shall be payable in 
United States dollars and may be paid in cash or by certified check, bank 
cashier's check, the surrendering of shares of the Company's Stock (which 
shall be valued at its Fair Market Value on the date of surrender in 
accordance with Section 5(b) of the Plan) or any other means approved by the 
Vice President-Finance.  The time of exercise of any option shall be the time 
at which such notice of exercise and payment are received by the Vice 
President-Finance.

        (e)    Waiting Period.  Each Director Option shall not be exercisable
in whole or in part until six (6) months after its date of grant.  The Committee
may, in its discretion, provide that an Employee Option may not be exercised 
in whole or in part for any period or periods of time specified by the 
Committee.  Except as so provided, any option may be exercised in whole at any 
time or in part from time to time during its term, provided that no option may 
be exercised for less than ten (10) shares unless the issue of a lesser number 
is enough to exhaust the option.

        (f)    Termination of Employment or Eligible Director Status.

                (i)  Each Employee Option held by an Employee whose employment 
terminates other than by reason of retirement or death shall expire upon such 
cessation of employment.

               (ii)  Subject to clause (iii) of this sub-section (f) and Section
8 below, if an Employee retires holding an unexpired Employee Option, such 
option shall be exercisable by him or her during the remainder of the term 
thereof or during the three (3) months following retirement, whichever period 
is shorter, and only as to not more than the number of shares as to which it 
was exercisable immediately prior to retirement.

              (iii)  Subject to Section 8 below, if an optionee dies holding an 
unexpired Employee or Director Option, such option shall be exercisable by his 
or her personal representative as to not more than the number of shares as to 
which it was exercisable immediately prior to such employee's death, during, 
and only during, the period beginning with such death and ending with the 
earlier of the first anniversary of such death or the expiration date of the 
option.

               (iv)  Subject to clause (iii) of this sub-section (f) and Section
8 below, if an Eligible Director ceases to serve as a director of the Company 
for any reason other than death while holding an unexpired Director Option, 
such option shall be exercisable by him or her during the remainder of the 
term thereof or during the three (3) months following the date that he or she 
ceases to serve as a director of the Company, whichever period is shorter, and 
only as to not more than the number of shares as to which it was exercisable 
immediately prior to such date of cessation of service as a director.

        (g)    Assignability of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights. No option
or stock appreciation right shall be assignable or transferable except by will 
or by the laws of descent and distribution as provided in clause (iii) of sub-
section (f) above.  During the lifetime of an optionee, any option or stock 
appreciation rights granted to him or her shall be exercisable only by the 
optionee

        (h)   Stockholder Rights.  No person shall have any rights as a 
stockholder with respect to the shares of Stock subject to any option granted 
under the Plan until he or she shall have been issued a stock certificate for 
such shares.

        (i)     Securities Law Compliance and Other Conditions.  The Committee 
may include in each Option Agreement such requirements as it may deem necessary
or advisable to assure compliance with all applicable state and federal 
securities laws and regulations.  Any Option Agreement may contain such other 
provisions as the Committee shall deem advisable.

        (j)     Non-Incentive Stock Options.  Notwithstanding any other  
provisions of this Plan, the Committee may grant options which in one or more 
respects do not meet the requirements for incentive stock options established 
by Section 422 of the Code.  The Committee shall indicate in each Option 
Agreement whether an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 
of the Code or a non-incentive stock option is thereby granted.  Except as to 
Director Options and as otherwise provided in this Plan, the Committee, in its 
sole discretion, shall establish the terms and conditions for each non-
incentive stock option which it grants.  Such terms and conditions may, but 
need not, include some or all of the provisions of this Plan with respect to 
incentive stock options.  If the Committee grants an option which in all 
respects meets the requirements for incentive stock options it may nonetheless 
designate such option a non-incentive stock option in the Option Agreement.  
No shares of Stock shall be delivered pursuant to the exercise of a 
non-incentive stock option unless arrangements satisfactory to the Company's 
Vice President-Finance have been made for any required federal, state or local 
income tax or other withholdings.

6.      Stock Appreciation Rights

        (a)    In General.  A stock appreciation right is a right granted to the
holder of an Employee Option granted under this Plan to receive, pursuant to 
the terms of the right, an amount payable in shares of Stock, or, at the 
election of the Committee, cash or a combination of cash and shares of Stock, 
in each case equal to the increase in the value of the shares covered by the 
option to which the stock appreciation right is related, all as more 
particularly set forth below in this Section 6.

        (b)    Committee's Power to Include Appreciation Rights in Option Grant.
Any Employee Option Agreement may provide that the option holder is entitled 
to receive, with respect to all or a stated percentage of the shares of Stock 
purchasable thereunder from time to time (or any portion thereof) and subject 
to the surrender of the option to purchase such shares, an appreciation 
distribution by the Company in an amount equal to the difference between the 
Fair Market Value, on the date of such surrender, of the shares of Stock as to 
which such option is surrendered and the aggregate option price for such 
shares.  Such surrender shall be deemed to have occurred as of the date the 
Vice President-Finance of the Company receives written notice of such 
surrender.

        (c)    Form of Appreciation Distributions.  If the option is so 
surrendered, in whole or in part, the appreciation distribution to which the 
option holder is entitled shall be made in the form of shares of Stock, 
provided that the Committee shall be entitled, in its sole discretion, to 
discharge the Company's obligation by the payment of cash, or partly by the 
payment of cash and partly by the delivery of shares of Stock, so long as the 
total value of such payment is equal to the aggregate value of the shares of 
Stock which the surrendering optionee is entitled to receive.

        (d)    Tax Withholding Required.  No shares of Stock shall be delivered 
or cash payment made in discharge of a stock appreciation right unless 
arrangements satisfactory to the Company's Vice President-Finance have been 
made for any required federal, state or local income tax or other 
withholdings.

        (e)    Compliance with Short-Swing Profits Rule.  If the option holder
is at the time of the option surrender considered an officer or director of the 
Company for purposes of Section 16(b) of the Act, or was such an officer or 
director at any time during the six-month period immediately preceding the 
option surrender, and made any purchase or sale of Stock during such six-month 
period, then the option can only be surrendered after the first six months of 
its term and then only during the periods commencing on the third and ending 
on the twelfth business days following the days on which the Company's 
quarterly or annual summary statements of sales and earnings are released to 
the public.

        (f)    Committee's Power to Limit Annual Amount of Appreciation 
Distributions.  Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Committee 
may, from time to time, determine the maximum amount of cash or Stock which 
may be delivered upon exercise of stock appreciation rights in any year.  The 
Committee may further determine that, if the amount to be received by an 
option holder exercising any such rights is reduced in any year by reason of 
this limitation, all or a portion of the amount not delivered may be delivered 
in a later year or years.

7.      Replacement Options

        The Committee may permit the voluntary surrender of all or a portion of 
any Employee Option granted under this Plan conditioned upon the granting to 
the option holder of a new Employee Option issued under the Plan for the same 
or a different number of shares.  The new option (which may contain stock 
appreciation rights) shall be exercisable at such price, during such period 
and in accordance with such other terms and conditions as the Committee may 
determine, consistently with the provisions of this Plan, without regard to 
the price, period of exercise, or other terms or conditions of the option 
surrendered.

8.      Reorganization

        In case of any one or more reclassifications, changes, or exchanges of 
outstanding shares of the Company's Stock (other than as provided in sub-
section (c) of Section 3), or consolidations of the Company with, or mergers 
of the Company into, other corporations, or other recapitalizations or 
reorganizations (other than consolidations with a Subsidiary in which the 
Company is the continuing corporation and which do not result in any 
reclassifications, change or exchange of outstanding shares of the Company's 
Stock), or in case of any one or more sales or conveyances to another 
corporation of the property of the Company as an entirety, or substantially as 
an entirety (any and all of which are hereinafter in this section called 
"Reorganizations"), the holder of each option then or thereafter outstanding 
shall have the right, upon any subsequent exercise thereof, to acquire the 
same kind and amount of securities and property which such holder would then 
hold if such holder had exercised such option immediately before the first of 
such Reorganizations and continued to hold all securities and property which 
came to such holder as a result of that and subsequent Reorganizations, less 
all securities and property surrendered or cancelled pursuant to any of same 
(the rights provided by Section 3(c) and this Section 8 being continuing and 
cumulative) except that, notwithstanding any provision of clause (ii), or 
(iii) or (iv) of subsection (f) of Section 5 to the contrary, the Board shall 
have the right, upon no less than thirty (30) days' notice to the holder of 
each outstanding option, to terminate the period in which all outstanding 
options may be exercised at the time of such Reorganization.  Such notice 
shall be effective when mailed to such option holder by certified or 
registered mail addressed to him or her at the holder's address of record or 
when delivered in hand to such option holder.  In such event all outstanding 
options, other than options as to which one of the events referred to in 
Sections 5(f)(ii), (iii) or (iv) has occurred, may be exercised, in whole or 
in part, and all outstanding options as to which one of the events referred to 
in Sections 5(f)(ii), (iii) or (iv) has occurred may be exercised, but only to 
the extent therein permitted, and only at any time prior to such 
Reorganization.  A liquidation shall be deemed a Reorganization for the 
foregoing purposes.

9.      Amendment

        The Board may alter, amend, suspend or terminate the Plan at any time 
and from time to time and may alter and amend all Option Agreements granted 
hereunder, except that without the approval of the holders of at least a 
majority of the Company's outstanding voting stock represented and voted at a 
meeting at which a quorum is present (provided the shares voting for approval 
also constitute a majority of the required quorum):

        (a)    The number of shares of Stock which may be reserved for issuance 
under the Plan may not be increased or decreased except as required by Section 
3(c) above;

        (b)    The option price may not be fixed at less than the Fair Market 
Value of the Stock on the date an option is granted;

        (c)    The period during which an option may be exercised may not be 
extended (but options may be voluntarily surrendered for options having a 
later expiration date if the Committee shall offer to effect such an exchange 
as provided in Section 7);

        (d)    The class or classes of persons eligible for options may not be 
altered; and

        (e)    No other change may be made which, pursuant to the Code or 
regulations thereunder or Section 16(b) of the Act and the rules and 
regulations promulgated thereunder, requires action by the Company's 
shareholders.

        No amendment shall be made to the provisions of the Plan that relate to 
the granting of Director Options more than once every six months except to 
comport with changes in the Code, the Employee Retirement Income Security Act 
of 1974, or the rules thereunder.

        No amendment of the Plan may, without the consent of the holder of an 
outstanding option granted under the plan, adversely affect the rights of such 
holder under such option.

10.     Effective Date and Term of Plan

        (a)    Effective Date.  The Plan shall become effective on the date it  
is adopted by the Board, but before any options granted under the Plan shall 
become exercisable, the Plan must be approved by the holders of at least a 
majority of the Company's outstanding voting stock represented and voting at a 
duly held meeting at which a quorum is present, provided the shares voting for 
approval also constitute at least a majority of the required quorum.  If such 
stockholder approval is not obtained, then any options previously granted 
under the Plan shall terminate and no further options shall be granted.  
Subject to such limitation, the Committee may grant Employee Options under the 
Plan at any time after the adoption of the Plan by the Board and before the 
date fixed herein for termination of the Plan and Director Options shall be 
granted as provided under the Plan.

        (b)    Term of Plan.  The Plan shall terminate on the 10th anniversary 
of the date of the Plan's adoption by the Board.  Any options outstanding under 
the Plan at the time of its termination shall continue to have force and 
effect in accordance with the provisions set forth in the Option Agreements 
evidencing such options.

11.     Change in Control

    For the purpose of this Plan a "Change in Control" shall mean:

        (a)    The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the 
meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Act) (a "Person") of beneficial 
ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Act) of 35% 
or more of either (I) the then outstanding shares of the Stock or (ii) the 
combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the Company 
entitled to vote generally in the election of the directors (the "Outstanding 
Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that the following 
acquisitions shall not constitute a Change in Control:  (i) any acquisition 
directly from the Company (excluding an acquisition by virtue of the exercise 
of a conversion privilege), (ii) any acquisition by the Company, (iii) any 
acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or 
maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the Company or (iv) 
any acquisition by any corporation controlled by the Company or (iv) any 
acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a consolidation or merger, if, 
following such consolidation or merger, the conditions described in clauses 
(I), (ii), and (iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related 
trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by 
the Company or (iv) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a 
consolidation or merger, if, following such consolidation or merger, the 
conditions described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of subsection (c) of this 
Section are satisfied; or

        (b)    Individuals who, as of the effective date of the Plan determined 
pursuant to Section 10(a) above, constitute the Board (the "Incumbent Board") 
ceasing for any reason to constitute at least a majority of the Board; 
provided, however, that any individual becoming a director subsequent to such 
effective date whose election, or nomination for election by the Company's 
shareholders, was approved by a vote or resolution of at lease a majority of 
the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as 
though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, but excluding, 
for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption of office 
occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election contest (as such 
terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated under the Act) or 
other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies or consents by or on behalf 
of a Person other than the Board; or

        (c)    Adoption by the Board of a resolution approving an agreement of 
consolidation of the Company with or merger of the Company into another 
corporation or business entity in each case, unless, following such 
consolidation or merger, (i) more than 60% of, respectively, the then 
outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such 
consolidation or merger and/or the combined voting power of the then 
outstanding voting securities of such corporation or business entity entitled 
to vote generally in the election of directors (or other persons having the 
general power to direct the affairs of such entity) is then beneficially 
owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially of the individuals and 
entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Stock and 
Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such consolidation 
or merger in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, 
immediately prior to such consolidation or merger, of the Stock and/or 
Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person 
(excluding the Company, any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the 
Company or such corporation or other business entity resulting from such 
consolidation or merger and any Person beneficially owning, immediately prior 
to such consolidation or merger, directly or indirectly, 35% and/or more of 
the Stock or Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be) 
beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 35% or more of, respectively, the 
then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such 
consolidation or merger or the combined voting power of the then outstanding 
voting securities of such corporation or business entity entitled to vote 
generally in the election of its directors (or other persons having the 
general power to direct the affairs of such entity) and (iii) at least a 
majority of the members of the board of directors (or other group of persons 
having the general power to direct the affairs of the corporation or other 
business entity) resulting from such consolidation or merger were members of 
the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement 
providing for such consolidation or merger; provided that any right to 
purchase shares of Stock which shall vest by reason of the action of the Board 
pursuant to this subsection (c) shall be divested, with respect to any shares 
not already purchased by the optionee or his personal representative, upon (i) 
the rejection of such agreement of consolidation or merger by the stockholders 
of the Company or (ii) its abandonment by either party thereto in accordance 
with its terms; or

       (d)    Adoption by the requisite majority of the whole Board, or by the 
holders of such majority of stock of the Company as is required by law or by 
the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company as then in effect, 
of a resolution or consent authorizing (I) the dissolution of the Company or 
(ii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets 
of the Company, other than to a corporation or other business entity with 
respect to which, following such sale or other disposition, (A) more than 60% 
of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of such 
corporation and/or the combined voting power of the outstanding voting 
securities of such corporation or other entity entitled to vote generally in 
the election of its directors (or other persons having the general power to 
direct its affairs) is then beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all 
or substantially all of the individuals and entities who were the beneficial 
owners, respectively, of the Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities 
immediately prior to such sale or other disposition in substantially the same 
proportion as their ownership, immediately prior to such sale or other 
disposition in substantially the same proportion as their ownership, 
immediately prior to such sale or other disposition, of the Stock and/or 
Outstanding Company Voting securities, as the case may be, (B) no Person 
(excluding the Company and any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the 
Company or such corporation or other business entity and any Person 
beneficially owning, immediately prior to such sale or other disposition, 
directly or indirectly, 35% or more of the Stock and/or Outstanding Company 
Voting Securities, as the case may be) beneficially owns, directly or 
indirectly, 35% or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of 
common stock of such corporation and/or the combined voting power of the then 
outstanding voting securities of such corporation or other business entity 
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (or other persons 
having the general power to direct its affairs) and (C) at least a majority of 
the members of the board of directors or group of persons having the general 
power to direct the affairs of such corporation or other entity were members 
of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement 
or action of the Board providing for such sale or other disposition of assets 
of the Company; provided that any right to purchase shares of Stock which 
shall vest by reason of the action of the Board or the stockholders pursuant 
to this subsection (d) shall be divested, with respect to any shares not 
already purchased by the optionee or his personal representative, upon the 
abandonment by the Company of such dissolution, or such sale or other 
disposition of assets, as the case may be.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10G - NEBS STOCK COMPENSATION PLAN DATED JULY 25, 1994
<TEXT>


                      NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC.

                           STOCK COMPENSATION PLAN

        SECTION 1.  Purpose.  The purpose of this Stock 
Compensation Plan (the "Plan") of New England Business 
Service, Inc. (the "Company") is to provide for the 
mandatory or voluntary receipt of shares of the Company's 
Common Stock, valued at full market value as of the date of 
grant, in lieu of an equivalent amount of cash, in payment 
(in whole or in part) of certain types of  regular, bonus or 
other special compensation payable to directors of the 
Company and officers and other key employees of the Company 
and its subsidiaries, thereby creating, encouraging and 
facilitating increased ownership of Common Stock by such 
directors and key employees and, through such ownership, 
enhancing the identity of interest between them and the 
Company's shareholders.

        SECTION 2.  Definitions.  In addition to the terms 
defined elsewhere in the Plan, the following shall be 
defined terms under the Plan:

        2.01.   "Award" means any award of Stock granted to a 
Participant under the Plan.

        2.02.   "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

        2.03.    "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended from time to time.  Reference to any provision of 
the Code shall be deemed to include successor provisions 
thereto and regulations thereunder.

        2.04.   "Committee" means the Organization and 
Compensation Committee of the Board, or such other Board 
committee as may be designated by the Board to administer 
the Plan, provided, however, that the Committee, shall 
always consist of two or more directors, each of whom while 
serving as such shall be a person who in the opinion of 
counsel to the Company is (i) a "Disinterested Person," as 
such term is used in Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the 
Exchange Act, and (ii) an "Outside Director," as such term 
is used in proposed Regulation 1.162-27(e)(3) under 
Section 162(m) of the Code or a successor regulation.  A 
majority of the Committee members present at any meeting at 
which a quorum is present, and any acts approved in writing 
by all members without a meeting, shall constitute acts of 
the Committee.

        2.05.   "Company" is defined in Section 1.

        2.06.   "Covered Employee" has the same meaning as set 
forth in section 162(m) of the Code, and successor 
provisions.

        2.07.   "Employee" means any salaried employee, including 
officer-employees, of the Company or any Subsidiary.  

        2.08.   "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act 
of 1934, as amended from time to time.  References to any 
provision of the Exchange Act shall be deemed to include 
successor provisions thereto and regulations thereunder.

        2.09.   "Participant" means a person who, as a director of 
the Company or an Employee has been granted an Award under 
the Plan.

        2.10.   "Plan" is defined in Section 1.

        2.11.   "Rule 16b-3" means Rule 16b-3, as from time to 
time amended and applicable to Participants, promulgated by 
the Securities and Exchange Commission under Section 16 of 
the Exchange Act.

        2.12.   "Stock" means the Common Stock, $1.00 par value, 
of the Company and such other securities of the Company as 
may be substituted for Stock pursuant to Section 4 below.

        2.13.   "Subsidiary" means any corporation with respect to 
which the Company owns, directly or indirectly, 50% or more 
of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock.  
In addition, any other related entity may be designated by 
the Board as a Subsidiary, provided such entity's financial 
statements would be consolidated with those of the Company 
under generally accepted accounting principles.

        2.14.   "Year" means a fiscal year of the Company.

        SECTION 3.  Administration

        3.01.    Authority of the Committee.  The Plan shall 
be administered by the Committee.  The Committee shall have 
full and final authority to take the following actions, in 
each case subject to and consistent with the provisions of 
the Plan:

        i.       to select and designate Employees as Participants;

        ii.      to designate Subsidiaries;

        iii.     to determine the Awards to be granted to each 
                 Employee-Participant;

        iv.      to determine whether, to what extent, and 
                 under what circumstances an Award will be 
                 deferred either automatically, at the 
                 election of the Committee, or at the election 
                 of the Participant;

        v.       to prescribe the form of any Award agreements 
                 which need not be identical for each 
                 Participant;

        vi.      to adopt, amend, suspend, waive, and rescind 
                 such rules and regulations not inconsistent 
                 with the specific terms of the Plan, and 
                 appoint such agents, as the Committee may 
                 deem necessary or advisable to administer the 
                 Plan;

        vii.     to correct any defect or supply any omission 
                 or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan 
                 and to construe and interpret the Plan and 
                 any Award, rules and regulations, Award 
                 Agreement, or other instrument hereunder; and

        viii.    to make all other decisions and 
                 determinations as may be required under the 
                 terms of the Plan or as the Committee may 
                 deem necessary or advisable for the 
                 administration of the Plan.

        3.02     Manner of Exercise of Committee Authority.  Unless 
authority is otherwise reserved under the terms of the Plan, 
or applicable law, the Committee shall have full and sole 
discretion in exercising its authority under the Plan.  Any 
action of the Committee with respect to the Plan shall be 
final, conclusive, and binding on all persons, including the 
Company, Subsidiaries, Participants and any person claiming 
any rights under the Plan from or through any Participant.  
The express grant of any specific power to the Committee, 
and the taking of any action by the Committee, shall not be 
construed as limiting any power or authority of the 
Committee.  A consent signed by all members of the Committee 
shall constitute the act of the Committee without the 
necessity, in such event, of holding a meeting. 

        3.03     Limitation of Liability.  Each member of the 
Committee shall be entitled, in good faith, to rely or act 
upon any report or other information furnished to him by any 
officer or other employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, 
the Company's independent certified public accountants, or 
any executive compensation consultant or other professional 
retained by the Company to assist in the administration of 
the Plan.  No member of the Committee, nor any officer or 
employee of the Company acting on behalf of the Committee, 
shall be personally liable for any activity, determination, 
or interpretation taken or made in good faith with respect 
to the Plan and all members of the Committee and any officer 
or employee of the Company acting on their behalf shall, to 
the extent permitted by law, be fully indemnified and 
protected by the Company with respect to any such action, 
determination, or interpretation.

        SECTION 4.  Shares Subject to the Plan.  The total 
number of shares of Stock reserved and available for Awards 
under the Plan shall be 300,000.  If the Company shall 
combine or split the Stock or shall declare thereon any 
dividend payable in shares of Stock, or shall reclassify or 
take any other action of a similar nature affecting the 
Stock, then the number and class of shares of Stock which 
shall thereafter be reserved and available for Awards under 
the Plan shall be adjusted accordingly.  

        SECTION 5.  Eligibility.  Awards may be granted only to 
individuals who are directors of the Company or Employees.  

        SECTION 6.  Awards.

        6.01.   General. 

        All shares of Stock issued pursuant to Awards shall be 
issued in lieu of cash compensation equal in value to the 
Fair Market Value of such shares on the date of the Award.  
The Fair Market Value of a share of Stock on the date of an 
Award shall be the last sales price per share of the Stock 
as reported on the NASDAQ National Market prior to the date 
of the Award or, if the Stock is not then listed on the 
NASDAQ National Market or if no price has been so reported 
within one week prior to the date of such Award, such market 
value shall be determined by a principal market maker for 
the Stock designed by the Committee.  Awards may be granted 
on the terms and conditions set forth in this Section 6.  In 
addition, the Committee may impose on any Award to an 
Employee, at the date of grant, such additional terms and 
conditions, not inconsistent with the provisions of the 
plan, as the Committee shall determine.  

        6.02.   Performance Awards.  The Committee is 
authorized to grant Performance Awards to Employees on the 
following terms and conditions:

                i.     Award and Conditions.  Performance Awards to 
                       Covered Employees are intended to be 
                       "qualified performance-based compensation" 
                       within the meaning of section 162(m) of the 
                       Code and shall be paid solely on account of 
                       the attainment of one or more pre-established 
                       performance goals (within the meaning of 
                       section 162(m) (4)(C) and any regulations 
                       relating thereto) determined by the Committee.

                ii.    The payout of any such Award to a Covered 
                       Employee may be reduced, but not increased, 
                       based on the degree of attainment of other 
                       performance criteria or otherwise at the 
                       discretion of the Committee.

                iii.   Other Terms.  Subject to Section 6.05 below, 
                       a Performance Award shall be denominated and 
                       payable in shares of Stock, and have such 
                       other terms as shall be determined by the 
                       Committee.

                iv.    The satisfaction of the performance goals on 
                       account of which a Performance Award is to be 
                       made, shall be certified by the Committee 
                       before such Award is made.

        6.03.   Awards of Stock in Payment of Directors'
Compensation.  The Committee is authorized to make awards of 
Stock to non-employee Directors who elect to receive such 
Stock in lieu of all or part of their retainers or fees on 
the following terms and conditions:  Awards of Stock in 
payment or partial payment of Directors' compensation are 
intended to be "participant directed transactions" within 
the meaning of Section (d) of Rule 16b-3.  All such awards 
shall be made pursuant to irrevocable elections made by non-
employee Directors of the Company at least six months in 
advance of the effective date of the award.  Such elections 
shall be made by a written notice of election signed by the 
electing Director and delivered or mailed to the Chief 
Financial Officer, Treasurer or Secretary of the Company and 
shall specify either (a) the annual retainer or retainers or 
meeting attendance fee or fees which shall be paid in whole 
or in part in Stock, and the percentage of each such 
retainer or fee which shall be paid in Stock; or (b) that 
all or certain specified payments to be received within each 
twelve-month period commencing on the first day of a 
specified calendar month (or a specified portion of such 
payments) shall continue to be paid in Stock until such 
election is amended or revoked by another notice given in 
the same manner at least six months prior to the effective 
date of such amendment or revocation.  

        6.04.   Other Awards.  The Committee is authorized to 
grant to Employees such other Awards as are deemed by the 
Committee to be consistent with the purposes of the Plan, 
including, without limitation, Stock issued to Employees in 
lieu of cash bonuses or portions of bonuses.  

        6.05.   Stand-Alone, Tandem, and Substitute Awards.  
Awards to Employees granted under the Plan may, in the 
discretion of the Committee, be granted either alone or, as 
a part of or in tandem with, or in substitution for, any 
award granted under any other plan of the Company, or any 
Subsidiary, or any other right of a Participant to receive 
payment from the Company or any Subsidiary.  If an Award is 
granted in substitution for another award, the Committee 
shall require the surrender of such other award in 
consideration for the grant of the new Award hereunder.  
Awards granted in addition to or as a part of or in tandem 
with other awards may be granted either as of the same time 
as or a different time from the grant of such other awards.

        SECTION 7.  General Restrictions Applicable to Awards.

        7.01.   Restrictions Under Rule 16b-3.

                7.01.1.      Six-Month Holding Period.  Unless a 
Participant could otherwise transfer Stock without incurring 
liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, shares of 
Stock issued under the Plan shall be held for at least six 
months from the date of acquisition.

                7.01.2.      Compliance with Rule 16b-3.  It is 
the intent of the Company that this Plan comply in all 
respects with Rule 16b-3 in connection with any Award 
granted to a person who is subject to Section 16 of the 
Exchange Act.  Accordingly, if any provision of this Plan or 
any Award Agreement does not comply with the requirements of 
Rule 16b-3 as then applicable to any such person,  such 
provision shall be construed or deemed amended to the extent 
necessary to conform to such requirements with respect to 
such person.

        7.02.   Registration and Listing Compliance.  The Company 
shall not be obligated to distribute any Shares with respect 
to any Award in a transaction subject to regulatory 
approval, registration, or any other applicable requirement 
of federal or state law, or subject to a listing requirement 
under any listing or similar agreement between the Company 
and any national securities exchange, until such laws, 
regulations, and contractual obligations of the Company have 
been complied with in full, although the Company shall be 
obligated to use its best efforts to obtain any such 
approval and comply with such requirements as promptly as 
practicable.

       7.03.   Stock Certificates.  All shares of Stock delivered 
under the Plan pursuant to any Award shall be subject to 
such stop-transfer order and other restrictions as the 
Committee may deem advisable under applicable federal or 
state laws, or rules and regulations thereunder, and the 
rules of NASDAQ or any national securities exchange on which 
the Stock is listed.  The Committee may cause a legend or 
legends to be placed on any certificates representing shares 
of Stock to make appropriate reference to such restrictions 
or any other restrictions that may be applicable to such 
shares.  In addition, during any period in which shares of 
Stock are subject to restrictions under the terms of the 
Plan or any Award Agreement  the Committee may require the 
Participant to enter into an agreement providing that 
certificates representing any shares of Stock issuable or 
issued pursuant to an Award shall remain in the physical 
custody of the Company or such other person as the Committee 
may designate.

        SECTION 8.   Amendments.

        The Board may amend, alter, suspend, discontinue or 
terminate the Plan without the consent of stockholders or 
Participants, except that any such amendment, alteration, 
suspension, discontinuation, or termination shall be subject 
to the approval of the Company's stockholders within one 
year after such Board action if such stockholder approval is 
required by any federal or state law or regulation or the 
rules of NASDAQ or any stock exchange on which the Shares 
may be listed, or if the Board in its discretion determines 
that obtaining such stockholder approval is for any reason 
advisable.  

       SECTION 9.   General Provisions.

       9.01.   No Stockholder Rights.  No Award shall confer on 
any Participant any of the rights of a stockholder of the 
Company unless and until shares of Stock are duly issued or 
transferred to the participant in accordance with the terms 
of the Award.

       9.02.   Tax Withholding.  The Company or any Subsidiary is 
authorized to withhold from any Award granted, or any 
payroll or other payment to a Participant, amounts of 
withholding and other taxes due with respect thereto, and to 
take such other action as the Committee may deem necessary 
or advisable to enable the Company and Participants to 
satisfy obligations for the payment of withholding taxes and 
other tax liabilities relating to any Award.  This authority 
shall include authority to withhold or receive Shares or 
other property and to make cash payments in respect thereof 
in satisfaction of Participant's tax obligations.

        9.03.   No Right to Employment.  Nothing contained in the 
Plan or any Award Agreement shall confer, and no grant of an 
Award shall be construed as conferring, upon any employee 
any right to continue in the employ of the Company or any 
Subsidiary or to interfere in any way with the right of the 
Company or any Subsidiary to terminate his employment at any 
time or increase or decrease his compensation from the rate 
in existence at the time of granting of an Award.

        9.04.   Other Compensatory Arrangements.  The Company or 
any Subsidiary shall be permitted to adopt other or 
additional compensation arrangements (which may include 
arrangements which relate to Awards), and such arrangements 
may be either generally applicable or applicable only in 
specific cases.

        9.05.   Fractional Shares.  No fractional shares of Stock 
shall be issued or delivered pursuant to the Plan or any 
Award.  The Committee shall determine whether cash or other 
property shall be issued or paid in lieu of fractional 
shares or whether such fractional Shares or any rights 
thereto shall be forfeited or otherwise eliminated.

        9.06.   Governing Law.  The validity, construction, and 
effect of the Plan, any rules and regulations relating to 
the Plan, and any Award Agreement shall be determined in 
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without 
giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws, and 
applicable federal law.

        SECTION 10.  Effective Date and Duration.  The Plan 
shall become effective as of June 25, 1994, provided, 
however, that within one year after such date, the Plan 
shall have been approved by the affirmative vote of the 
holders of a majority of the shares of Stock present or 
represented and entitled to vote (and the affirmative vote 
of a majority of the shares of Stock voting) at a meeting of 
the Company's stockholders, or any adjournment thereof.  If 
so approved the Plan shall continue in force until June 24, 
2004.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10H - SEPARATION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>




                                   MEMORANDUM


          TO:        Bartley H. Calder

        FROM:        Richard H. Rhoads

        DATE:        December 17, 1993

          RE:        Separation Agreement

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following is an outline of the separation agreement between you and NEBS.  
The provisions illustrated below constitute the total benefits which will be 
provided to you as part of your separation from NEBS.

     1.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

          On behalf of NEBS Board of Directors, your resignation as President
          and CEO is accepted effective December 31, 1993.  Between November 11
          and December 31, you will be considered on leave of absence with pay
          and will not exercise any power of the positions you have held at 
          NEBS.

      2.  SEVERANCE PAY

          You will receive eleven months of severance pay.  This pay will 
          begin on January 1, 1994 and end on November 30, 1994.  These 
          payments will be deposited directly on or about the fifteenth of 
          each month into the bank account you have designated.  If, at the 
          conclusion of this period, you have not been employed, NEBS will 
          pay you additional monthly payments ($24,166.66) for up to twelve
          months or until you become employed, whichever occurs earlier.
          your continued receipt of severance payments is conditioned upon 
          the terms set forth in paragraph 14 below.

      3.  You will be entitled to receive 6/12 of the executive bonus which 
          you would be entitled to receive pursuant to the FY94 NEBS 
          Executive Bonus Plan (effective as of June 28, 1993) if such 
          bonuses are paid for FY94.  The fraction represents a pro-ration
          based on six months of active service during the fiscal year.



<PAGE>


      4.  VACATION PAY

          You will receive any accrued and unused vacation pay, which will be 
          paid to you in a lump sum during the first week of January, 1994

      5.  OUTPLACEMENT COUNSELING

          To assist you in your search for a new job, NEBS will provide you 
          with outplacement counseling at a cost not to exceed $43,500 (15% 
          of your base salary) by a company of your choice, through such
          time, not later than November 30, 1995, or until you become 
          employed, whichever occurs earlier.

      6.  STOCK OPTIONS

          You will have until December 31, 1993 to exercise all or any 
          portion of the options which have been granted to you.  After 
          December 31, 1993, all unexercised grants will be null and void, in
          accordance with their terms.
 
      7.  HEALTH CARE

          NEBS will continue to pay your medical/dental/vision plan 
          coverages at the established employee contribution level through 
          June 30, 1995 (18 months from your termination date).  This 
          18-month time frame will cover the period in which you normally 
          would have the opportunity to continue coverage under the 
          provisions of COBRA.  You will be provided with further details 
          regarding this subject under separate cover from Jim Savage in 
          early January.

      8.  FSA

          If you are currently contributing to a health care FSA, we will 
          continue to make payroll deductions through June 30, 1995.

      9.  LIFE INSURANCE

          Your life insurance will terminate effective December 31, 1993.  
          If you wish to convert your lift insurance to an individual plan, 
          you must contact CIGNA by January 30, 1994.



<PAGE>


     10.  401(k) PLAN

          Your participation in the 401(k) plan will cease December 31, 1993.  
          Documentation regarding the distribution of your account balance 
          will be provided to you in early January.

     11.  PENSION PLAN

          You are vested in the NEBS Pension Plan with credited service 
          through December 31, 1993 and will be entitled to receive a future 
          pension benefit under the terms and conditions of the Plan.

     12.  DISABILITY PROGRAMS

          Your NEBS disability programs will cease on December 31, 1993.  
          If you are interested in a personal protection plan, we can provide 
          the information for your review.

     13.  FINANCIAL COUNSELING

          You may continue to use the financial planning services of 
          G.W. & Wade, Inc. through December 31, 1994 and the service of 
          that firm for the preparation of your 1994 tax return.
 
     14.  USE AND DISCLOSURE OF TRADE SECRETS AND OTHER CONFIDENTIAL 
          INFORMATION

          You represent that to the best of your knowledge, you do not now 
          have, and you agree that you shall promptly return to NEBS, 
          anything tangible or electronically keep or stored which 
          constitutes, represents, evidences or records any trade secret
          or other confidential information of NEBS, retaining no copies 
          thereof.  You agree that you will not any time after November 11,
          1993, directly or indirectly, use or disclose to any person any 
          trade secrets or other confidential information of NEBS.  The term 
          "trade secret or other confidential information" shall mean any 
          secret or confidential scientific, design, process, procedures,
          formula, invention or improvement, including without limitation,
          marketing plans or strategies, product development plans, business 
          acquisition plans, new personnel acquisition plans, technical 
          processes, research and development processesm and each of the 
          Company's customer lists.

          If you enter into employment with a "competitor of NEBS" prior 
          to November 30, 1995, or if you use or 


<PAGE>


          disclose trade secrets or other confidential information of NEBS
          as defined in the preceding paragraph, you severance pay and 
          benefits will be immediately terminated.  "Competitor of NEBS" 
          means:

             (a)	any of the following names companies or any companies 
                 controlled by, controlling or under common control with any 
                 of them, or any successor to the business forms businesses
                 of any of them by merger, split-off or acquisition of 
                 assets:  Deluxe Corp., Moore Corp. Ltd., R.R. Donnelley & 
                 Sons Co., Rapid Forms, Quill, Ennis Business Forms, Inc., 
                 Alpha Graphics, Reynolds & Reynolds Co., Wallace Computer
                 Services, Inc., American Business Products, John Harland Co.,
                 Duplex Products, Inc., Paris Business Forms, Inc., Inmac 
                 Corp., Viking or Staples, Inc., Office Depot or any other
                 operator of a chain of office supply "superstores"; or

             (b) any individual, firm or corporation engaged in the United 
                 States, Canada or the United Kingdom in any of the following
                 businesses in which NEBS was engaged or was actively 
                 planning to engage prior to November 11, 1993: the 
                 manufacture, processing, distribution or sale by direct 
                 marketing or otherwise of business forms, business forms
                 software, stationery, business cards, printed marketing 
                 products commonly used by small business, or equipment or
                 software for desktop publishing.

I have asked Jim Savage to contact you in order to answer any questions you 
may have regarding your benefits.

                                     							NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS
						                                     	 SERVICE, INC.



                                     							By: /s/ Richard H. Rhoads
                                                ----------------------
							                                         Richard H. Rhoads
							                                         Chairman

                                  							Dated: 12/20/93
                                                -------------------

/s/ Bartley H. Calder
- -----------------------
Bartley H. Calder

Dated:  12/20/93
        --------------


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10(I) - KEY EMPLOYEE NON-INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                       NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC.


                      KEY EMPLOYEE STOCK OPTION AND STOCK

                           APPRECIATION RIGHTS PLAN

               KEY EMPLOYEE NON-INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT
                            -------------

NOTE: THIS IS A NON-INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION.  BEFORE EXERCISING IT, READ 

SECTION 9, BELOW, AND THE PROSPECTUS REFERRED TO THEREIN TO AVOID 

UNANTICIPATED TAX CONSEQUENCES.


      This non-incentive stock option (the "Option") is granted as of 

November 12, 1993, by New England Business Service, Inc., a Delaware 

Corporation (the "Company"), to William C. Lowe of Concord, Massachusetts 

(the "Grantee"), an employee of the Company.


      1.   Shares Subject to Option
           ------------------------

      Pursuant to the provisions of the Company's Key Employee Stock Option 
 
and Stock Appreciation Rights Plan dated October 26, 1990 (the "Plan"),  

the Company hereby grants to the Grantee an Option to purchase 300,000 of the 

Company's Common Stock (par value $1.00 per share) (the "Optioned Shares") 

at a price of $16.25 per share in accordance with and subject to all the 

terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.  The plan and any amendments 

thereto are hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof.


                                    -1-

<PAGE>

      2.   Term and Exercise of Option
           ---------------------------

      Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or in this Option, the Option 

shall terminate at the close of business on November 12, 2003 or ten years 

from the date of grant, whichever is earlier, and may be exercised only by the 

Grantee or, to the extent provided in Section 3(b) hereof, by his legal 

representative.

      While the Option is effective and the Grantee continues to be employed, 

the Option Shares shall become available for purchase by the Grantee in 

minimum installments of ten (10) shares unless the issue of a lesser number 

is enough to exhaust the Option.  The Grantee's right to purchase shares 

pursuant to this Option shall vest according to the following schedule:


    Date           Number of Shares       Price if Exercised
    ----           ----------------
                                                In Full      
                                          ------------------

January 3, 1994      75,000                 $1,218,750.00

January 3, 1995      75,000                  1,218,750.00

January 3, 1996      75,000                  1,218,750.00

January 3, 1997      75,000                  1,218,750.00

      Provided that the right to purchase all of the remaining shares 

purchasable hereunder shall vest and become exercisable immediately upon the 

occurrence of a Change in Control of the Company as defined in Paragraph 6 

below.


                                  -2-

<PAGE>

      Unpurchased portions of available installments may be accumulated and 

subsequently purchased by the Grantee prior to the expiration of the Option.


      3.   Terms and Conditions of Exercise of Option
           ------------------------------------------  

      Each exercise and purchase of Optioned Shares pursuant to the Option 

shall be subject to the following terms and conditions:

           (a)  The Grantee shall have remained in the continuous employ of 

the Company from the date of the Option grant until the date of exercise (or 

in the circumstances specified in Section 5(f)(ii) of the Plan until a date 

not more than three months prior to the date of exercise).

           (b)  If the Grantee dies, then his legal representative or the 

person or persons to whom his rights under the Option shall pass by will or by 

the applicable laws of descent and distribution shall be entitled, subject to 

the condition that no Option shall be exercisable after the expiration of ten

years from the date it was granted, within twelve months after the date of 

his death or prior to the expiration date of the Option, whichever is earlier, 

to exercise the Option to the extent that the Grantee would have been 

entitled to exercise the Option on the date of his death.



                                     -3-

<PAGE>


           (c)  The Grantee shall exercise the Option by giving written 

notice of such exercise to the Vice President-Finance of the Company at the 

Company's  principal place of business, accompanied by the full purchase price 

of the Optioned Shares so being purchased, together with any tax or excise, 

if any, due in respect of the issue thereof, in cash, by certified or bank

check, or by the surrendering of shares of the Company's stock.  Such notice 

shall be effective when received by the Vice President-Finance.

           (d)  The stated price and number of Optioned Shares purchasable 

hereunder are subject to adjustment as provided in Section 8 of the Plan.

           (e)  No Optioned Shares shall be issued pursuant to this Option 

grant unless arrangements satisfactory to the Vice President-Finance have 

been made for any required federal or state tax or other withholdings.


      4.   Option Non-Transferable
           -----------------------  

      The Option may not be transferred or assigned by the Grantee or by 

operation of law other than by will or by the laws of descent and 

distribution.  It may be exercised during the lifetime of the Grantee only 

by him or her.




                                  -4-


      5.   Right to Terminate
           ------------------

      Nothing contained in the Option Grant shall restrict the right of the 

Company or a subsidiary of the Company to terminate the employment of the 

Grantee at any time.

      6.   Change in Control
           -----------------

      For the purpose of this Option a "Change in Control" shall mean:

      (a)  The acquisition by any individual, entity or group (within the 

meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 

1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")) (a "Person") of beneficial ownership 

(within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act) of 35% 

or more of either (i) the then outstanding shares of the Stock or (ii) the

combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of the 

Company entitled to vote generally in the election of the directors (the 

"Outstanding Company Voting Securities"); provided, however, that the 

following acquisitions shall not constitute a Change of Control: (i) any 

acquisition directly from the Company (excluding an acquisition by virtue of 

the exercise of a conversion privilege), (ii) any acquisition by the Company,

(iii) any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) 

sponsored or maintained by the Company or any corporation controlled by the 

Company or (iv) any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a consolidation 


                                  -5-

<PAGE>

or merger, if, following such consolidation or merger, the conditions 

described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of subsection (c) of this Section 

(6) are satisfied; or

      (b)  Individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board (the 

"Incumbent Board") ceasing for any reason to constitute at least a majority 

of the Board; provided, however, that any individual becoming a director 

subsequent to the date hereof whose election, or nomination for election by 

the Company's shareholders, was approved by a vote or resolution of at least 

a majority of the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be 

considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board, 

but excluding, for this purpose, any such individual whose initial assumption

of office occurs as a result of either an actual or threatened election

contest (as such terms are used in Rule 14a-11 of Regulation 14A promulgated 

under the Exchange Act) or other actual or threatened solicitation of proxies

or consents by or on behalf of a Person other than the Board; or

      (c)  Adoption by the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") of

a resolution approving an agreement of a consolidation of the Company with or 

merger of the Company into another corporation or business entity in each 

case, unless, following such consolidation or merger, (i) more than 60% of, 

respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation 

resulting from such


                                    -6- 

<PAGE>

consolidation or merger and/or the combined voting power of the then 

outstanding voting securities of such corporation or business entity entitled

to vote generally in the election of directors (or other persons having the 

general power to direct the affairs of such entity) is then beneficially 

owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially of the individuals and

entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, of the Stock and 

Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such consolidation

or merger in substantially the same proportions as their ownership, 

immediately prior to such consolidation or merger, of the Stock and 

Outstanding Company Voting Securities, as the case may be, (ii) no Person 

(excluding the Company, any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the

Company or such corporation or other business entity resulting from such 

consolidation or merger and any Person beneficially owning, immediately 

prior to such consolidation or merger, directly or indirectly, 35% or more 

of the Stock or Outstanding Voting Securities, as the case may be) 

beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 35% or more of, respectively, the 

then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from 

such consolidation or merger or the combined voting power the then 

outstanding voting securities of such corporation or business entity entitled

to vote generally in the election of its directors (or other persons having 

the general power 


                                    -7-


<PAGE>

to direct the affairs of such entity) and (iii) at least a majority of the 

members of the board of directors (or other group of persons having the 

general power to direct the affairs of the corporation or other business 

entity) resulting from such consolidations or merger were members of

the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement 

providing for such consolidation or merger; provided that any right to 

purchase shares of Stock which shall vest by reason of the action of the 

Board pursuant to this clause (c) shall be divested, with respect to any 

shares not already purchased by the Grantee or his personal representative, 

upon (i) the rejection of such agreement of consolidation or merger by the 

stockholders of the Company, of (ii) its abandonment by either party thereto 

in accordance with its terms; or

      (d)   Adoption by the requisite majority of the whole Board, or by the 

holders of such majority of stock of the Company as is required by law or by 

the Certificate of Incorporation or By-Laws of the Company as then in effect,

of a resolution or consent authorizing (i) the dissolution of the Company or 

(ii) the sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets 

of the Company, other than to a corporation or other business entity with 

respect to which, following the such sale or other disposition, (A) more than

60% of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of common stock of such 

corporation and/or the combined 



                                   -8-


<PAGE>

voting power of the outstanding voting securities of such corporation or 

other entity entitled to vote generally in the election of its directors 

(or other persons having the general power to direct its affairs) is then 

beneficially owned, directly or indirectly, by all or substantially all of 

the individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners, respectively, 

of the Stock and Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to 

such sale or other disposition in substantially the same proportion as their 

ownership, immediately prior to such sale or other disposition, of the Stock 

and/or Outstanding Company Voting securities, as the case may be, (B) no 

Person (excluding the Company and any employee benefit plan (or related 

trust) of the Company or such corporation or other business entity and any

Person beneficially owning, immediately prior to such sale or other 

disposition, directly or indirectly, 35% or more of the Stock or Outstanding 

Company Voting Securities, as the case may be) beneficially owns, directly or

indirectly, 35% or more of, respectively, the then outstanding shares of 

common stock of such corporation and/or the combined voting power of the then

outstanding voting securities of such corporation or other business entity 

entitled to vote generally in the election of directors or other persons having 

the general power to direct its affairs and (C) at least a majority of the 

members of the board of directors or group of persons having 



                                    -9-

<PAGE>

the general power to direct the affairs of such corporation or other entity were

members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial 

agreement of action of the Board providing for such sale or other disposition 

of assets of the Company; provided that any right to purchase shares of Stock 

which shall vest by reason of the action of the Board or the stockholders 

pursuant to this clause (d) shall be divested, with respect to any shares not 

already purchased by the Grantee or his personal representative, upon the 

abandonment by the Company of such dissolution, or such sale or other 

disposition of assets, as the case may be.


      7.   Dissolution or Reorganization
           -----------------------------

      Prior to a "Reorganization" as defined in Section 8 of the Plan, the 

Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") may decide to terminate each 

outstanding Option.  If the Board so decides, it shall give not less than 

thirty (30) days notice to the Grantee of each outstanding Option that the 

period in which all outstanding Options may be exercised will terminate at 

the time of such Reorganization.  Such notice shall be effective when mailed 

to the Grantee by certified or registered mail addressed to him or her at the

Grantee's address of record or when delivered in hand to the Grantee.  

Following such notice all outstanding Options other than Options as to which 

one of the events referred to 



                                   -10-

<PAGE>

in Sections 5(f)(ii) or (iii) of the Plan has occurred, may be exercised, in 

whole or in part, and all outstanding Options as to which one of the events 

referred to in Sections 5(f)(ii) or (iii) of the Plan has occurred may be 

exercised, but only to the extent therein permitted, and only at any time 

prior to such Reorganization.


      8.   Restrictions on Transfer of Stock
           ---------------------------------

      The shares of Common Stock issued on exercise of the Option shall be 

subject to any restrictions on transfer the in effect pursuant to the 

Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws of the Company and to any other 

restrictions or provisions attached hereto and made a part hereof or set 

forth in any other contract or agreement binding on the Grantee.


      9.   Notice Concerning Federal Income Taxation
           -----------------------------------------

      As the Option granted hereby is a non-incentive stock option (a 

"NISO"), the holder will recognize compensation income for regular federal 

income tax purposes on the date this option is exercised in the amount by 

which the fair market value of the shares on the date of exercise exceeds 

the option price.  The holder must remit both federal and 




                                 -11-

<PAGE>

state withholding taxes to the Company with respect to compensation income 

realized on the purchased shares.  Optionees are urged to review the 

Prospectus for the offering under which the Option is granted for a more 

detailed discussion of current Federal tax law governing NISOs.



(CORPORATE SEAL)             NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, 
                             INC.

                             By: /s/ Russell V. Corsini
                                 -----------------------
                                 Russell V. Corsini

                                 Vice President - Finance


      The foregoing Option is hereby accepted subject to all of the terms 

and conditions set forth herein, the provisions set forth in the New England 

Business Service, Inc., Key Employee Stock Option and Stock Appreciation 

Rights Plan dated October 26, 1990, a copy of which attached hereto, and 

such conditions and limitations as the Company's Board of Directors or 

Stock Option Committee may impose in accordance with the Plan.



                              /s/ William C. Lowe
                              --------------------
                              Grantee



 
                                    -12-


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS 1994
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

THIS DOCUMENT IS A COPY OF THE ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS, FILED ON 
SEPTEMBER 12, 1994 PURSUANT TO A RULE 201 TEMPORARY HARDSHIP EXEMPTION.
 
[LOGO OF NEBS APPEARS HERE]

ANNUAL
REPORT 
1994

THE NATION'S
LEADING SUPPLIER 
OF BUSINESS FORMS 
FOR SMALL BUSINESS


(PHOTO)

NEBS Customers:  Jane and Gene Behrens   Avenida Art Gallery   Calgary, Alberta

<PAGE>

                                  ABOUT NEBS

NEBS is the nation's leading supplier of business forms and other printed 
and related products for small businesses.  The Company's primary method for 
reaching its market is by mail direct to the end user.  During 1994, 1,285,000 
small businesses purchased one or more NEBS products.

The NEBS product line is comprised of standardized and customized business 
forms, stationery and related products for both manual and computer 
applications.  In addition, the Company markets a broad line of printed 
promotional materials and proprietary accounting software targeted to small 
businesses.

In a typical week, the Company's seven production facilities located in the 
US, Canada and the UK receive and process approximately 50,000 orders with 
an average order value of approximately $100.

NEBS has retained its long standing market leadership by providing the 
products small businesses need, at low prices, with high quality and 
outstanding service to its customers.

                             FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                    

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
(In thousands of dollars except per share amounts) 
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
For the Fiscal Year Ended       June 24, 1994 (A)      June 25, 1993
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                  <C>                    <C>
Net Sales                            $251,253                $237,144
Income Before Income Taxes             27,599                  24,090   
Net Income                             15,563                  14,217   
Earnings Per Share                   $   1.01                $    .93   
Dividends Per Share                       .80                     .80   
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Operating Statistics                                            
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
Return on Stockholders' Equity           15.6%                   15.0%
Income Before Income Taxes
  as a Percent of Sales                  11.0%                   10.2%
Net Income as a Percent of Sales          6.2%                    6.0%
Working Capital                      $ 55,196               $  43,673 
Stockholders' Equity                   99,479                  94,668 
Book Value Per Share                 $   6.43               $    6.19
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>

(A) Included in the 1994 results is a $5.45 million pretax charge, or $.21 per 
    share, related to a restructuring program.

                                    (PHOTO)
 
<PAGE>
 
(PHOTO)

Avenida Art Gallery... 
Portrait of a Successful NEBS Customer

When Jane Behrens started a modest gallery and framing shop from her home in 
1989, she never dreamed that one day her husband, Gene, would join her full 
time and they would employ more than 15 people.

Over the past five years there have been a number of improvements in how they 
do business. The one constant, however, has been their reliance on NEBS to 
help project an artistic, tasteful image. We asked the Behrenses to explain.

"NEBS helped us develop a personalized image that fits our business. Our 
custom labels, which we adhere to the back of every frame, present a 
professional look and help us bring in repeat business.  We also use our 
logo on NEBS invoices for a coordinated look which, in our business, is 
important to project."

Responding to why they've become loyal NEBS customers, the Behrenses cited 
the quality, accuracy and the speed with which NEBS handles every order.

"We'll stay with NEBS because we know they'll always get our order right 
and on time!"


About this year's Annual Report...  
In this year's Annual Report, we would like to share with you some of the 
many ways we have applied innovative technology to help us meet and even 
exceed our customers' expectations.

From our electronic storage of logo images which guarantees quality 
reproductions to our powerful new computer and telephone systems which 
improve customer service to the ultra-fast turnaround and competitive 
pricing new technology supports, we invite you to explore how NEBS technology 
responds.

                                                                               1
 
<PAGE>
 
                              TO OUR STOCKHOLDERS

FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE    We are pleased to report the Company's financial 
performance strengthened for the year.  Sales increased 6% to a record 
$251,253,000 and represented the strongest year-over-year performance since 
1989.  Earnings increased 9.5% to $15,563,000 while earnings per share 
increased to $1.01 from last year's $.93.  Earnings for the year were 
impacted by a $.21 restructuring charge while those of the final quarter 
reflected the full benefit of the related cost savings.

The Company's financial condition remained strong.  Cash and short term 
investments increased 46% to $40,988,000, an increase of $12,870,000 over 
the prior year.  Return on stockholders' equity increased to 15.6% and 
dividends were paid for the 31st consecutive year.

THE HIGHLIGHTS   1994 was a rewarding year for the Company.  Sales 
strengthened and customers served increased 6% to 1,285,000.  Earnings, 
at the fourth quarter run rate, rebounded significantly from recent years.  
The primary factors which drove these favorable results are highlighted 
below.

BASE BUSINESS STABILIZED   Following several difficult years, sales of the 
Company's standardized manual forms and checks, labels, stationery and 
related product lines stabilized during the year.  The gradually improving 
domestic small business economy was one of the key forces driving this 
improvement.  Additionally, effective product line management, new product 
introductions and more targeted direct mail and dealer promotional programs 
were important contributing factors to the improved performance of these 
important product lines.

COMPUTER PRODUCTS GROWTH   Sales of the Company's computer forms, checks, 
One-Write Plus(R) and other NEBS proprietary small business accounting software
and related products continued their strong record of growth. During the year,
these computer related products were sold directly by mail and indirectly
through the Company's dealer network and others to over 350,000 small
businesses.

OPERATIONS ENHANCED   The Company takes great pride in its ability to respond 
to the 45,000 customers who order weekly with fast service at low cost.  
During the year, customer service was further enhanced through a variety of 
programs which shortened order cycle time and improved customer access 
through the Company's toll-free telephone lines.  Technology played a key 
role in these gains which included the implementation of a direct to plate 
imaging system, the installation of call routing technology, an integrated 
PC and mainframe sales system in telemarketing and the completion of a new 
electronic storage system for customer artwork.

COST STRUCTURE IMPROVED   Earnings for the year grew well in excess of the 
growth in sales.  Contributing to the increased profitability were more 
effective marketing programs, stable material costs and the leverage of 
additional sales on fixed costs.  In addition, the margin improvement was 
supported by the successful restructuring program.  A number of cost 
reduction measures were taken including the realignment of the Company's 
marketing and manufacturing organizations.

THE SUBSIDIARIES   The sales performance of the Company's Canadian and UK 
subsidiaries was impacted by the continuing weak economies in both countries.  
However, with the introduction of new products and other marketing programs, 
we are anticipating improved sales results in these units.  SYCOM, the 
Company's domestic subsidiary, refocused its marketing efforts which 
enhanced its profitability considerably.

In summary, the improved financial performance for the year reflected the 
favorable results of a broad array of marketing initiatives and cost 
reduction programs against the backdrop of a gradually improving domestic 
small business economy.  The benefits of these initiatives and programs will 
continue to support the Company's performance as it goes forward.

                                                                               
2
 
<PAGE>
 
THE FUTURE    Looking to the future, opportunity is emerging from the ever 
changing needs and preferences of the small business market as well as from 
new printing and related technologies.  The Company's customer base of 
1,285,000 small businesses positions it well to capitalize on these dynamics.  
Further, the magnitude of the Company's market is significant.  Small 
businesses are estimated to consume in excess of $10 billion of short-run 
printed products annually.  The Company's short-run printing and order 
fulfillment capability will be extended to target new segments of this large 
market.

Computerization of the small business represents a large and growing market 
for the Company's computer forms, software and related product lines and 
services.  Although computerization and related technologies will continue 
to influence the demand for selected manual forms, the overall impact of 
technology on the Company's product lines and operations is anticipated to 
be a positive one.

Another important market trend relates to the fact that small businesses 
are becoming increasingly discerning, sophisticated and desirous of creating 
and promoting their own distinctive images.  New design, composition and 
printing technologies are facilitating the fulfillment of these emerging 
customer needs.  We believe this growing interest in image-conveying 
products has the potential to be significant and we plan to make the 
required investments in equipment, systems and skills to capitalize upon it.


GOALS FOR 1995   Looking ahead to 1995, our goals for the year are to 
continue to make important investments in the future development of the 
business, to achieve continued growth in earnings and a record level of 
sales.  The Company's 1994 financial performance and the many successful 
initiatives implemented during the year provide us with confidence that 
these objectives can and will be achieved.

WORDS OF THANKS   What provides us with our greatest promise for the future 
is the talent and dedication of the Company's 2,083 employees located in the 
US, Canada and the UK.  Their unhesitating willingness to always go the extra 
mile has made and will continue to make a real and positive difference.  We 
are proud to be associated with them.

Finally, we thank you our Stockholders for your continued support of and 
interest in this business.  Serving your best long term interests always has 
been and continues to be our primary objective.

       (PHOTO)                               (PHOTO) 
     
/s/ Richard H. Rhoads                   /s/ William C. Lowe

    Richard H. Rhoads                       William C. Lowe
    Chairman                                President, Chief Executive Officer

    September 9, 1994       

                                                                               3
 
<PAGE>
 
                                THE NEBS STORY

OVERVIEW   NEBS, founded over 40 years ago, is the nation's leading supplier 
of business forms and products designed to satisfy the highly specialized 
needs of the vast small business market.  The Company's primary method of 
distribution is mail order direct to the ultimate small business user.  
During 1994, NEBS served 1,285,000 small businesses in the United States, 
Canada, and the United Kingdom.

FINANCIAL RECORD   Over the past ten years, NEBS consolidated sales grew from 
slightly over $125,000,000 to a record level of $251,253,000 in 1994.  The 
Company enjoys strong profit margins, return on equity and cash flow.  Cash 
dividends have been paid for 31 consecutive years.

NEBS PRODUCT LINE   The NEBS product line consists primarily of standardized 
business forms such as invoices, statements, checks and purchase orders used 
by most small businesses.  Many of these forms are available on recycled 
paper.  NEBS also markets an array of other printed products including 
greeting crds, stationery, business cards, advertising and mailing labels 
and other promotional products.

In addition to the standardized forms used by most businesses, the Company 
markets highly targeted forms and related products designed to meet the needs 
of specific small business segments.  Examples include repair tags for 
bicycle shops, estimating forms for electrical contractors, appraisal forms 
for jewelry stores, greeting cards for realtors and insurance agents, as well 
as important companion products such as portable registers, envelopes and 
drawing boards.

(continued)

(PHOTO)


"Competitive prices on the forms we need. That's why my grandmother chose NEBS
and why 2 generations later we're still loyal" 

Dan Wolfe, 
West Point Lumber & Hardware, 
Valley Station, Kentucky

4
 
<PAGE>
 
                                    (PHOTO)

NEBS Technology Responds...
Providing businesses like Dan's with the same old fashioned value today requires
some high-tech thinking especially for low quantity needs.

The solution -- employ high-speed, long-run printing presses for the base form
and specialized short-run equipment for personalized imprinting. This cutting-
edge equipment customized by our team of engineers promises NEBS will be the
supplier of choice for generations to come.

                                                                               5
 
<PAGE>
 
                                THE NEBS STORY

NEBS also markets a full line of products for the growing number of small
businesses computerizing one or more of their business functions.  NEBS computer
forms (invoices, statements, and checks) are compatible with all the major
accounting software packages used by small businesses.  The Company also offers
a full line of proprietary software to help computer users fill out a broad
range of NEBS forms and related products.  Additionally, the Company markets the
NEBS One-Write Plus software package designed specifically to meet the
accounting needs of small businesses.

Further, NEBS offers customized business forms for both manual and computer
applications.  Customized manual forms allow the Company to offer products to
businesses when their needs or preferences are unique.  Continuous custom forms
provide small businesses with forms compatible with virtually any software
package they use.

Significantly, the Company's product line is both critical for the functioning
of the customer's business and consumable.  Therefore, the initial installation
of most of the Company's products tends to provide a continuing revenue stream
as the initial order is consumed and subsequent reorders are placed.  As selling
expenses for reorders are minimal, they are far more profitable than initial
orders.  Over 80% of the Company's sales originate from customers who previously
have purchased from NEBS.

NEBS Small Business Market   NEBS focuses primarily on the small end of the
overall business market, i.e. those businesses with 20 or fewer employees.  NEBS
customers include small retail shops, auto 

(continued)

(PHOTO)

"Excellent products and delivery. Sometimes it surprises us how fast NEBS can
get products to us." 

Richard & Wilma Hinderleiter, 
Valley Pie Company, 
Phoenix, Arizona

6
 
<PAGE>
 
                                    (PHOTO)


NEBS Technology Responds...

Customers like Richard and Wilma are in for more surprises. With our new auto-
sequencing presses we've reduced the time it takes to produce an order.

With interactive voice technologies customers can call for automated information
about their order, right down to the expected delivery time.

And, best of all, our new electronic systems bypass labor-intensive manual steps
so we can keep prices down and speed delivery even more.

                                                                               7
 
<PAGE>
 
                                THE NEBS STORY

service stations, contractors, photographers and florists, the offices of
doctors and dentists as well as small manufacturers and wholesalers.

There are an estimated 10,000,000 small businesses within the three countries in
which the Company operates (US, Canada, UK). During 1994, the Company sold one
or more of its products to 1,285,000 of these businesses.

Important aspects of the Company's small business market are the large number of
prospective customers it provides, as well as its diversity, both geographically
and by type of business. Further, as each individual customer has relatively
minimal forms requirements, no one customer is critical to the Company's overall
sales performance.

NEBS Marketing and Distribution Channels  The major portion of the Company's
sales are generated by mail order catalogs and other promotional materials
mailed by the Company to its customers and prospective customers. During a
typical year, the Company mails over 50,000,000 catalogs and other promotional
materials. At any one time there can be as many as 20 different NEBS catalogs in
circulation.

The Company compiles and maintains a database of over 8,000,000 small businesses
in its national and international markets. These lists are segmented in a
multitude of ways to ensure the most effective mailings. In addition, the
Company rents lists from outside sources.

The Company maintains a staff of over 200 knowledgeable telephone sales
representatives who receive incoming 

(continued)

(PHOTO)

"I faxed my check order for the first time and couldn't believe it. Why, in 3
days it was at my door!" 

Karen Lautzenheiser, 
Dixie Vac Service, Inc.,
Louisville, Kentucky

8
 
<PAGE>
 
                                    (PHOTO)

NEBS Technology Responds...

We still manage to amaze and please even 20 year customers like Karen simply by
keeping abreast with the latest technological advances. Utilizing state-of-the-
art fax technology customers can now reach us at their convenience, 24 hours a
day. What's more, within one hour after their fax arrives, their order can be on
its way to electronic processing. For most products, imprinting and shipping
takes place the very next day making NEBS the leader in speed and delivery of
imprinted products.

                                                                               9
 
<PAGE>
 
                                THE NEBS STORY

telephone orders and place outgoing sales calls to current and prospective
customers.

The Company's DFS unit markets a specifically designed version of its product
line through a broad array of dealers including local printers, business forms
dealers and computer stores. The Company also has access to the One-Write Plus
network of software distributors and retailers.

The Company believes its current three methods of distribution (mail order,
phone, dealers) enable it to serve its customers effectively however and
wherever they prefer to do business. However, the Company continually evaluates
alternative marketing and distribution channels to better serve its market.

Operations  In a typical week, NEBS receives, processes, prints and ships
approximately 50,000 orders from its seven production facilities. The Company's
policy is to ship most orders within two working days. Next day shipment service
and express delivery are available upon request for most product lines.

To provide its customers with business forms and other printed products in small
quantities at low prices, NEBS employs high-speed, long-run printing presses for
the base forms and specialized short-run equipment for personalized imprinting
and other customer required variable data. Much of the imprinting equipment is
designed or modified by the Company's engineers for its specialized
applications.

The Company's commitment to creating customer goodwill drives its continual
search for ways to reduce costs, improve quality and speed delivery, all backed
by a 100% guarantee of satisfaction.

(continued)

(PHOTO)

"NEBS One-Write Plus. It's great! Easier than any other software we've ever
tried!" 

James and Jenna Auxier, 
Lawnmower Headquarters, 
West Palm Beach, Florida

10
 
<PAGE>
 
                                    (PHOTO)

NEBS Technology Responds...

The Auxiers, NEBS customers since 1982, are putting the power of the computer to
work for their business. They've chosen NEBS software because it helps them
perform all their accounting functions faster and easier than ever before.

Technology is at work for us and now through our software it is working just as
hard for our customers.

                                                                              11
 
<PAGE>
 
                                THE NEBS STORY

The Future  The needs and preferences of the small business market always have
been and continue to be in a state of evolution and transition. One constant,
however, has been the need of small businesses to find new ways to prosper in
their increasingly competitive marketplace.

NEBS challenge is not only to keep up with, but also to foresee, these changing
needs and preferences. The Company is committed to doing so and believes its
over 40 years of accumulated insight into this market together with the
application of emerging technologies will enable it to meet this challenge. Most
critically however, the Company will continue to capitalize on its two most
significant strengths . . . its talented group of 2,083 employees and the
goodwill of its over 1,285,000 small business customers located throughout the
United States, Canada and the United Kingdom.

                                    (PHOTO)

"The best value for computer checks. And so easy to reorder! I call, mention my
name and they do the rest." 

Elaine Warner, 
Skillins Green House, 
Falmouth, Maine


12
 
<PAGE>
 
                                    (PHOTO)

NEBS Technology Responds...

Offering value and service are the ways Skillins, a fourth generation business,
stays successful and competitive.

Value and service are also key at NEBS. That's why we've invested in powerful PC
telemarketing workstations. At the touch of a key, our order-entry reps can call
up the customer's sales history, product illustrations, even a list of
compatible products.

                                                                              13
 
<PAGE>
 
                              ELEVEN YEAR SUMMARY
              NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

(In thousands of dollars except per share amounts and other statistics)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For the Fiscal Year Ended       June 24, 1994 (B)    June 25, 1993   June 26, 1992   June 28, 1991   June 29, 1990  
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>                   <C>             <C>             <C>             <C> 
INCOME STATISTICS (A)                                                                                
Net Sales                            $251,253             $237,144        $232,435        $231,838        $233,113    
Income before income taxes                         
 and accounting changes                27,599               24,090          24,862          34,095          33,415   
  Percent of sales                       11.0%                10.2%           10.7%           14.7%           14.3%     
Taxes on income                        12,036                9,873           8,925          13,765          12,792       
  Percent of sales                        4.8%                 4.2%            3.8%            5.9%            5.5%   
Income from continuing operations                  
 before accounting changes             15,563               14,217          15,937          20,330          20,623      
  Percent of sales                        6.2%                 6.0%            6.9%            8.8%            8.8%       
  Percent of stockholders' equity        15.6%                15.0%           16.9%           18.9%           19.9%    
  Per common share                       1.01                 0.93            1.02            1.24            1.23      
Net Income                             15,563               14,217          15,471          20,330          21,148        
  Percent of sales                        6.2%                 6.0%            6.7%            8.8%            9.1%        
  Percent of stockholders' equity        15.6%                15.0%           16.4%           18.9%           20.4%       
  Per common share                       1.01                 0.93            0.99            1.24            1.26      
Dividends per common share               0.80                 0.80            0.80            0.80            0.76        
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE SHEET STATISTICS                           
Current assets                         85,288               68,966          74,784          87,468          84,311 
Current liabilities                    30,092               25,293          25,649          24,094          21,596 
Working capital                        55,196               43,673          49,135          63,374          62,715 
Current Ratio                             2.8                  2.7             2.9             3.6             3.9  
Total Assets                          131,691              120,624         121,056         133,602         130,280 
Long-term debt                              0                    0               0               0           3,319 
Stockholders' equity                   99,479               94,668          94,124         107,802         103,858 
Average common shares outstanding      15,364               15,269          15,664          16,342          16,835  
Book value per common share              6.43                 6.19            6.18            6.61            6.17  
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER FINANCIAL STATISTICS                         
Capital expenditures                    6,054                6,475           9,669           9,166           8,818   
Depreciation and amortization          11,623                9,953           9,531           9,001           8,689  
Profit sharing contribution             3,133                2,891           3,296           4,273           4,271  
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER STATISTICS (A)                               
Number of employees                     2,083                2,217           2,180           2,045           2,154 
Number of stockholders                  5,700                5,400           4,100           3,700           3,600   
Number of active customers          1,285,000            1,210,000       1,195,000       1,173,000       1,179,000  
Facilities (in square feet)           794,000              793,000         768,000         765,000         765,000  

</TABLE> 

Average common shares outstanding have been retroactively adjusted for stock
splits of 2-for-1 in November 1983, and 2-for-1 in November 1986.
(A) Years from 1984 through 1989 have been restated to eliminate a discontinued
    operation.
(B) Included in the 1994 results is a $5.45 million pretax charge, or $.21 per
    share, related to a restructuring program.

14
 
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
For the Fiscal Year Ended      June 30, 1989     June 24, 1988   June 26, 1987   June 27, 1986   June 28, 1985   June 29, 1984  
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>               <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C> 
INCOME STATISTICS (A)                                                                                                         
Net Sales                           $225,931          $202,423        $172,574        $158,927        $142,765        $127,309 
Income before income taxes                                                                                                     
 and accounting changes               39,109            36,804          36,852          32,009          22,782          24,981 
  Percent of sales                      17.3%             18.2%           21.4%           20.1%           16.0%           19.6%
Taxes on income                       15,074            14,500          17,936          15,654          10,630          12,600 
  Percent of sales                       6.7%              7.2%           10.4%            9.8%            7.4%            9.9%
Income from continuing operations                                                                                              
 before accounting changes            24,035            22,304          18,916          16,355          12,152          12,381 
  Percent of sales                      10.6%             11.0%           11.0%           10.3%            8.5%            9.7%
  Percent of stockholders' equity       23.6%             22.8%           22.7%           23.7%           21.6%           26.4%
  Per common share                      1.40              1.29            1.10            0.96            0.72            0.73 
Net Income                            22,189            22,431          19,130          16,893          12,979          13,034 
  Percent of sales                       9.8%             11.1%           11.1%           10.6%            9.1%           10.2%
  Percent of stockholders' equity       21.8%             22.9%           23.0%           24.5%           23.1%           27.8%
  Per common share                      1.29              1.30            1.12            0.99            0.76            0.77 
Dividends per common share              0.66              0.54            0.44            0.29            0.25            0.22 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE SHEET STATISTICS                                                                                                       
Current assets                        84,398            80,256          69,956          62,321          48,141          43,998 
Current liabilities                   20,020            17,949          18,718          17,524          14,175          13,614 
Working capital                       64,378            62,307          51,238          44,797          33,966          30,384 
Current Ratio                            4.2               4.5             3.7             3.6             3.4             3.2 
Total Assets                         130,238           123,566         111,009          94,057          81,723          74,756 
Long-term debt                         6,688             5,720           6,938           6,099           9,879          13,598 
Stockholders' equity                 101,897            97,995          83,340          68,900          56,163          46,936 
Average common shares outstanding     17,193            17,265          17,138          17,056          16,996          16,928 
Book value per common share             5.93              5.67            4.84            4.04            3.30            2.77 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER FINANCIAL STATISTICS                                                                                                     
Capital expenditures                  11,123             9,366           3,699           2,876          10,085           9,011 
Depreciation and amortization          8,195             7,109           5,233           4,722           3,514           2,395 
Profit sharing contribution            4,792             4,245           3,618           3,236           2,395           2,260 
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER STATISTICS (A)                                                                                                           
Number of employees                    2,002             1,928           1,797           1,632           1,745           1,636 
Number of stockholders                 3,600             2,700           2,600           2,500           2,200             983 
Number of active customers         1,125,000         1,064,000         977,000         916,000         909,000         856,000 
Facilities (in square feet)          748,000           689,000         679,000         623,000         623,000         510,000 

</TABLE> 

                                                                              15
 
<PAGE>
 
                          CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
              NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE>   
<CAPTION>  
June 24, 1994 and June 25, 1993 (in thousands except share data) 
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Assets                                                                                         Notes   June 24, 1994  June 25, 1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

<S>                                                                                             <C>         <C>           <C>  
Current Assets:

Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        1          $  3,456      $  10,061 

Short-term investments - at cost                                                                 1            37,532         18,057 

Accounts receivable (less allowance for doubtful accounts of $3,012 in 1994 and $2,944 in 1993)  1            27,963         26,707 

Inventories                                                                                      1             7,740          8,663 

Direct mail advertising materials                                                                1             1,698          1,391 

Prepaid expenses                                                                                               1,439          1,925 

Deferred income tax benefit                                                                     1,10           5,460          2,162
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

  Total current assets                                                                                        85,288         68,966
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Property and Equipment:                                                                         1,3                  

Land and buildings                                                                                            38,417         37,778 

Less accumulated depreciation                                                                                 18,849         17,144
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

  Net                                                                                                         19,568         20,634
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Equipment                                                                                                     66,648         64,621 

Less accumulated depreciation                                                                                 48,525         44,145
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

  Net                                                                                                         18,123         20,476
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

    Property and equipment - net                                                                              37,691         41,110
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Other Assets (less accumulated amortization of $9,057 in 1994 and $6,719 in 1993)               1,2            8,712         10,548
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



Total                                                                                                       $131,691       $120,624
===================================================================================================================================
</TABLE> 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

16
 
<PAGE>
 
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
June 24, 1994 and June 25, 1993 (in thousands except share data) 
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                                                           Notes   June 24, 1994  June 25, 1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                            <C>         <C>            <C> 
Current Liabilities:
Accounts payable                                                                                 3          $  6,702       $  7,039
Federal and state income taxes                                                                  1,10           2,519          1,580
Accrued profit-sharing distribution                                                              6             2,627          2,114
Accrued payroll expense                                                                                        5,466          5,454
Accrued employee benefit expense                                                                7,8            5,637          5,237
Deferred revenue                                                                                 1             1,233            753
Accrued restructuring charge                                                                     9             1,887 
Other accrued expenses                                                                                         4,021          3,116
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
  Total current liabilities                                                                                   30,092         25,293
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Deferred Grants                                                                                  1               326            317
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                                                  
Deferred Income Taxes                                                                           1,10           1,794            346
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Commitments and Contingencies                                                                    3       

Stockholders' Equity:
Preferred stock                                                                                  4
Common stock, par value, $1 per share -- authorized, 40,000,000 shares; issued,
  15,571,803 shares in 1994 and 15,408,979 shares in 1993                                       4,5           15,572         15,409
Additional paid-in capital                                                                                     9,480          7,090
Cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment                                               1            (2,152)        (1,057)
Retained earnings                                                                                             78,306         75,033
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
        Total                                                                                                101,206         96,475
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Less treasury stock, at cost -- 105,584 shares in 1994 and 117,795 shares in 1993                4            (1,727)        (1,807)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
   Stockholders' equity (outstanding, 15,466,219 shares in 1994 and 15,291,184 shares in 1993)                99,479         94,668
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Total                                                                                                       $131,691       $120,624
===================================================================================================================================
</TABLE> 

                                                                              17
 
<PAGE>
 
                       STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED INCOME
              NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 24, 1994, JUNE 25, 1993 AND JUNE 26, 1992 (IN THOUSANDS EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA)                      
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------           
                                                                       Notes          1994           1993            1992    
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                  <C>        <C>             <C>             <C> 
NET SALES                                                                1       $ 251,253       $237,144        $232,435        
OPERATING EXPENSES:                                                      1
  Cost of sales including shipping costs                                            92,166         90,370          87,164
  Selling and advertising                                                           67,685         70,957          71,266
  General and administrative                                           6,7,8        59,607         53,016          51,290
  Restructuring charge                                                   9           5,450   
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
    Total operating expenses                                                       224,908        214,343         209,720
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME FROM OPERATIONS                                                              26,345         22,801          22,715
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE):
 Investment income                                                                   1,254          1,307           2,421
 Interest expense                                                                                     (18)           (274)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------           
    Total other income                                                               1,254          1,289           2,147
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES AND CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGE               27,599         24,090          24,862
PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES                                               1,10       12,036          9,873           8,925
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INCOME BEFORE CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGE                                15,563         14,217          15,937
CUMULATIVE EFFECT OF ACCOUNTING CHANGE -- NET OF TAXES                    1,8                                        (466)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET INCOME                                                                       $  15,563       $ 14,217        $ 15,471
=========================================================================================================================
PER SHARE AMOUNTS:                                                        1
  Income Before Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change                           $    1.01       $    .93        $   1.02
  Cumulative Effect of Accounting Change -- Net of Taxes                                                             (.03)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
  Net Income                                                                     $    1.01       $    .93        $    .99
=========================================================================================================================       
  Dividends                                                                      $     .80       $    .80        $    .80
=========================================================================================================================
WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF SHARES OUTSTANDING                             1         15,364         15,269          15,664
=========================================================================================================================

</TABLE> 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

18
 
<PAGE>
 
                STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
              NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 24, 1994, JUNE 25, 1993 AND JUNE 26, 1992 (IN THOUSANDS)                                            
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                          Common Stock                                      Cumulative
                                                       -------------------                                   Foreign
                                                       Number       At Par      Additional                   Currency             
                                                         of         Value        Paid-In       Treasury     Translation    Retained
                                          Notes        Shares       Amount       Capital         Stock      Adjustment     Earnings
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>         <C>             <C>           <C> 
BALANCE, JUNE 28, 1991                                 16,320      $16,320       $ 5,822      $    (20)      $  1,147       $84,533
Issuance of common stock to employees  
   pursuant to stock plans                 5,6             77           77         1,086           122             
Dividends paid                                                                                                              (12,631)
Acquisition of treasury stock               4                                                  (17,841)        
Retirement of treasury stock                4          (1,000)      (1,000)                     15,340                      (14,340)
Foreign currency translation adjustment                                                                            38      
Net income                                                                                                                   15,471
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, JUNE 26, 1992                                 15,397       15,397        6,908         (2,399)         1,185        73,033
Issuance of common stock to employees 
   pursuant to stock plans                 5,6             12           12          182            592             
Dividends paid                                                                                                              (12,217)
Foreign currency translation adjustment                                                                        (2,242) 
Net income                                                                                                                   14,217
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, JUNE 25, 1993                                 15,409       15,409        7,090         (1,807)        (1,057)       75,033
Issuance of common stock to employees                                                        
   pursuant to stock plans                 5,6            163          163        2,390             80                             
Dividends paid                                                                                                              (12,290)
Foreign currency translation adjustment                                                                        (1,095)
Net income                                                                                                                   15,563 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE, JUNE 24, 1994                                 15,572      $15,572      $ 9,480      $  (1,727)      $ (2,152)      $78,306
====================================================================================================================================

</TABLE> 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                                                              19
 
<PAGE>
 
                     STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS
              NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
FOR THE FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 24, 1994, JUNE 25, 1993 AND JUNE 26, 1992 (IN THOUSANDS)        
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
                                                                                                  1994         1993         1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                           <C>          <C>          <C> 
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Net income                                                                                   $15,563      $14,217      $15,471
  Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                                                               11,623        9,953        9,531
    Deferred income taxes                                                                       (1,946)        (540)        (478)
    Restructuring charge                                                                         1,887           
    Provision for losses on accounts receivable                                                  2,799        2,815        3,404
    Provision for pension cost                                                                     403          300          303
    Provision for postretirement benefits                                                           62           70          818
    Deferred grants                                                                                 (6)         (73)          72
    Changes in assets and liabilities:
      Accounts receivable                                                                       (4,630)      (3,207)      (3,777)
      Inventories and advertising material                                                         462        2,293         (159)
      Prepaid expenses                                                                             376          535         (367)
      Accounts payable                                                                            (277)        (223)         727
      Income taxes payable                                                                         928         (845)       2,330
      Other accrued expenses                                                                     2,417         (375)         520
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
    Net cash provided by operating activities                                                   29,661       24,920       28,395
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:   
  Additions to property and equipment                                                           (6,054)      (6,475)      (9,669)
  Acquisition of product line                                                                     (334)      (9,750)
  Short-term investments                                                                       (20,093)       2,141       15,808
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
    Net cash (used) provided by investing activities                                           (26,481)     (14,084)       6,139
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Proceeds from borrowing                                                                                                 10,181
  Repayment of debt                                                                                (41)        (123)     (13,324)
  Proceeds from issuing common stock                                                             2,633          786        1,285
  Purchase of treasury stock                                                                                             (17,841)
  Dividends paid                                                                                (12,290)    (12,217)     (12,631)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
    Net cash used by financing activities                                                        (9,698)    (11,554)     (32,330)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE ON CASH                                                                     (87)       (157)          38
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                             (6,605)       (875)       2,242
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR                                                   10,061      10,936        8,694
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                                       $  3,456     $10,061      $10,936
================================================================================================================================
SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW DISCLOSURE:
  Income taxes paid                                                                             $13,425     $10,995     $  7,652
================================================================================================================================
  Interest paid                                                                                 $     0     $   118     $    191
================================================================================================================================
  On January 15, 1993, the Company purchased the One-Write Plus product line and assumed 
  certain liabilities of MECA Software, Inc. for $9,750 cash. 
  In conjunction with the acquisition, liabilities were assumed as follows:
  Fair value of assets acquired:
        Tangible assets                                                                                        $   859
        Other assets                                                                                             9,975
     Deferred revenue on support contracts                                                                     (791)
     Cash paid                                                                                               (9,750)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------    
       Liabilities assumed                                                                                  $   293
================================================================================================================================

</TABLE> 

See notes to consolidated financial statements.

20
 
<PAGE>
 
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

BASIS OF CONSOLIDATION    The financial statements are consolidated to include 
the accounts of New England Business Service, Inc. (the "Company") and its 
wholly-owned subsidiaries.  The Company and its subsidiaries operate primarily 
in a single industry segment consisting of the sale of business forms and 
related software and other types of printed business products.  The accounts 
of the Company's foreign entities have been translated into U. S. dollars in 
accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 52.  

CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS    The Company considers its 
holdings in short-term money market accounts and certificates of deposit with 
an original maturity to the Company of three months or less to be cash 
equivalents.        

   Short-term investments are stated at cost which approximates market value.  
Short-term investments are primarily tax-exempt municipal debt instruments 
which have a fixed maturity beyond three months.  In addition, the Company 
has other tax-exempt municipal debt instruments redeemable at par value 
through a put option which can be exercised by the Company at time periods 
of one week to one year.  
 
PROVISION FOR DOUBTFUL ACCOUNTS    For doubtful customer accounts, a 
provision is recorded equal to a percentage, based upon experience of open 
account sales.  This percentage was approximately 1.0% during the fiscal 
year ended June 24, 1994, approximately 1.2% during the fiscal year ended 
June 25, 1993, and approximately 1.5% during the fiscal year ended 
June 26, 1992.

INVENTORIES    Inventories are carried at the lower of first-in, first-out 
cost or market.  At year end, inventories consisted of:
        
<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                       1994            1993  
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
<S>                                            <C>             <C> 
Raw paper                                        $  721,000      $  781,000    
Business forms and related office products        7,019,000       7,882,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                            $7,740,000      $8,663,000
===========================================================================

</TABLE> 

DIRECT MAIL ADVERTISING MATERIALS   Direct mail advertising materials are 
carried at cost and expensed as used.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT    Property and equipment are carried at cost.  
Depreciation is computed over the estimated useful lives (three to twenty 
years) of the assets using the straight-line method.

OTHER ASSETS    Other assets consisting principally of purchased customer 
lists, acquired software, tradename, covenant not to compete, goodwill and 
customer and other contracts are amortized on a straight-line basis over 
their estimated lives ranging from five to twenty years.

REVENUE RECOGNITION    Revenue is recognized from sales other than software 
support contracts when a product is shipped.  Revenue on software support 
contracts is recognized ratably over the contract period, generally twelve 
months.  Insignificant vendor and post contract support obligations, if 
any, are recognized upon shipment.

MAILING LISTS     Costs of compiling and maintaining mailing lists are 
charged to costs and expenses as incurred.

CAPITALIZED SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT COSTS AND PURCHASED SOFTWARE    The 
Company follows Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 86, 
"Accounting for the Cost of Computer Software to be Sold, Leased, or Otherwise 
Marketed" ("SFAS No. 86").  Costs incurred prior to the establishment of 
technological feasibility, as defined in SFAS No. 86, are charged to research 
and development expense.  Software development costs are capitalized from the 
establishment of technological feasibility until the product is available for 
general release.  Development costs associated with product enhancements that 
extend the original product's life or significantly improve the original 
product's marketability are also capitalized if technological feasibility of 
the enhancement has been established.  Software purchased as part of a business 
acquisition is recorded at its estimated fair value.  Amortization of 
capitalized software development costs is provided on a product-by-product 
basis at the greater of the amount computed using (a) the ratio of current 
gross revenues for a product to the total of current and anticipated future 
gross revenues or (b) the straight-line method over the remaining estimated 
economic life of the product.

  No software development costs were capitalized in 1994, 1993 or 1992.

  Purchased software costs acquired in connection with the acquisition of the 
One-Write Plus product line are being amortized in accordance with the 
provisions of SFAS No. 86.  Amortization expense of $1,383,000 and $553,000 
was charged to operations in fiscal 1994 and 1993, respectively.   Unamortized 
costs of $4,849,000 and $5,475,000 are included in other assets at 
June 24, 1994 and June 25, 1993, respectively.

INCOME TAXES    Effective June 26, 1993, the Company adopted Statement of 
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" ("SFAS 
No. 109").  This statement supersedes Statement of Financial Accounting 
Standards No. 96, "Accounting for Income Taxes," which was adopted by the 
Company in 1990.  The cumulative effect of adopting SFAS No. 109 was not 
significant to the Company's financial statements.  The adoption did result in 
certain reclassifications of deferred tax assets and liabilities.  

  Deferred income taxes primarily represent the income tax effect of the 
difference between straight-line depreciation recorded for financial reporting 
purposes and accelerated depreciation deducted for tax purposes, and the 
effects of the income tax treatment of items such as pensions, postretirement 
benefits other than pensions, vacation expense, restructuring charge and the 
provisions for doubtful accounts and sales returns.

DEFERRED GRANTS    Deferred grants represent unearned income related to 
government grants to fund employee hiring, training and capital investment in 
the United Kingdom.  Grants are recognized in income in the year in which 
related employee hiring and training costs are incurred or over the life of 
the related capital investment.

PER SHARE AMOUNTS    Net income per share amounts are computed based upon the 
weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during each 
fiscal year.  Shares issuable under common stock options have been excluded 
from the computations since their inclusion would have no significant 
dilutive effect.

                                                                              21
 
<PAGE>
 
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK    The Company extends credit to customers on an 
unsecured basis in the normal course of business.  No individual industry or 
industry segment is significant to the Company's customer base.  The Company 
has policies in place governing the extension of credit and collection of 
amounts due from customers.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS    The Financial Accounting Standards 
Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 107, "Disclosures 
About Fair Value of Financial Instruments" which requires the disclosure of 
fair value of most financial instruments, both assets and liabilities, for 
which it is practical to estimate fair value.  The statement is required to 
be adopted no later than fiscal 1996.  The date of adoption has not been 
determined.

INVESTMENTS IN DEBT AND EQUITY SECURITIES    The Financial Accounting Standards 
Board issued Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting 
for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" which addresses the 
accounting and reporting of such investments.  The statement is required to be 
adopted no later than fiscal 1995.  The Company plans to adopt this statement 
in the first quarter of fiscal 1995.

POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS    The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting 
for Postemployment Benefits" which is required to be adopted by the Company 
no later than fiscal year 1995.  This statement will require accrual of 
benefits (such as severance benefits) provided by an employer to former or 
inactive employees and their beneficiaries after employment but before 
retirement.  The costs of these benefits are currently expensed on a 
pay-as-you-go basis.  The impact of this new standard has not been fully 
determined but is not expected to be material.  The Company plans to adopt 
this statement in the first quarter of fiscal 1995.

RECLASSIFICATIONS    Certain reclassifications have been made to the 1993 and 
1992 financial statements to conform with the 1994 presentation.

2. ACQUISITION OF PRODUCT LINE     On January 15, 1993, the Company's wholly-
owned subsidiary, NEBS Software, Inc., acquired the One-Write Plus ("OWP")
product line from MECA Software, Inc. ("MECA"). The purchase price of the
acquisition, including transaction costs, was $9,750,000 cash, plus the
assumption of certain liabilities, of which $500,000 was held in escrow subject
to final determination of the purchase price. During fiscal year 1994, the
purchase price was finalized resulting in total purchase price consideration of
$10,282,000. The acquisition was accounted for under the purchase method of
accounting and, accordingly, OWP's results of operations are included in the
accompanying financial statements from the date of acquisition. The purchase
price has been allocated to the net assets acquired based on the fair value of
such assets and liabilities. The Company had also entered into a one-year
arrangement for research and development management under which MECA could earn
up to $1,200,000. This agreement included contingent payments of $1,000,000 of
which $350,000 had expired unearned as of June 25, 1993. The remaining $200,000
relates to compensation for management services, of which $100,000 was charged
to expense in 1993. During fiscal 1994, the Company negotiated a settlement
regarding the termination of the remaining contingent payments under these
agreements. Compensation for management services of $17,000 was charged to
expense in fiscal 1994.

        The following summary presents pro forma consolidated results of
operations (unaudited) of the Company as if the acquisition of OWP had been
consummated at the beginning of the periods presented:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                      1993               1992
- --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>                 <C> 
Net Sales                    $ 241,786,000      $ 239,108,000
Net Income                   $  13,610,000      $  13,934,000
Net Income Per Share         $         .89      $         .89

</TABLE> 

        The pro forma operating results are presented for comparative purposes
only and do not purport to present the Company's actual operating results had
the acquisition of OWP occurred on the assumed date, or results which may occur
in the future.

3. DEBT OBLIGATIONS AND LEASES   A line of credit agreement with a major
commercial bank allows the Company to borrow up to $10,000,000 at the bank's
base lending rate or 3/8% above the Eurodollar rate at the Company's option
(5.3% at June 24, 1994). This line may be terminated at any time by either
party. At June 24, 1994 and at June 25, 1993, no amounts were outstanding.   

        The capitalized cost of leased equipment, acquired in 1992 and located
in the United Kingdom, was $120,000 and $144,000 at June 24, 1994 and June 25,
1993 with related accumulated amortization of $100,000 and $72,000 at June 24,
1994 and June 25, 1993, respectively. The future minimum lease payments of
approximately $36,000 in the aggregate are due over the next five years.

        The final installment on notes payable totaling $14,000 at June 26, 1992
was paid during fiscal 1993.

        The above amounts relating to notes payable and capitalized leases have
been included in accounts payable.

        The minimum rental commitments for operating leases of certain
facilities and equipment total $969,000 in the aggregate, and are payable over
the next five years. Total rental expense was $605,000, $300,000 and $233,000,
in 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively.

4. EQUITY TRANSACTIONS   On November 10, 1989, the Company issued a stock
purchase right to stockholders for each outstanding share of common stock of the
Company. Each right becomes exercisable upon occurrence of certain events, as
provided in the Rights Agreement, and entitles the registered holder to purchase
from the Company a "Unit" solely consisting of one one-hundredth of a share of
"Preferred Stock" at a Purchase Price of $75.00 per Unit, subject to adjustment
to prevent dilution. In addition, upon the occurrence of certain events, the
registered holder will thereafter have the right to receive, upon payment of the
Purchase Price, additional shares of common stock and/or cash and/or other
securities, as provided in the Rights Agreement. The rights will expire on
November 10, 1999. The Company may redeem the rights at a price of $.01 per
right.

22
 
<PAGE>
 
        There are 1,000,000 authorized and unissued shares of $1.00 par value
preferred stock.

        On November 14, 1991, pursuant to an agreement, the Company repurchased
1,000,000 shares of its common stock from a current director and former Chairman
of the Board of the Company. The Company paid $15.25 per share, the market value
on that date. The Company subsequently retired the shares.

5. STOCK OPTIONS  At the October 1990 annual meeting, the stockholders ratified
the NEBS 1990 Key Employee Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Rights Plan.
Under the "1990 Plan," options or stock appreciation rights for up to 1,000,000
shares of common stock may be granted. At June 24, 1994, 122,192 shares are
reserved under this plan for granting of future options. Stock options are
granted to purchase stock at fair market value as of the date the option is
granted. Each option is exercisable in full in one to three years from the date
of grant and the options expire no later than ten years from the date of grant.
In addition, the plan permits the holder of a stock option to make payment for
optioned shares by surrendering shares of the Company's common stock valued at
their fair market value on the date of surrender. The Company had an incentive
stock option and stock appreciation rights plan under which key employees could
be granted stock options or stock options and stock appreciation rights for up
to 900,000 shares of common stock. This plan (the "1980 Plan") expired in 1990,
although outstanding options are still exercisable.        

        There were no outstanding stock appreciation rights under either of the
plans during 1994, 1993 or 1992. A summary of stock option activity under the
plans and other arrangements during 1994, 1993, and 1992 is as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                            1994                1993                  1992
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>                 <C>                  <C> 
Number of shares:                                                                      
Subject to option at beginning of year                   918,214             641,843              572,273
Granted during the year                                  512,073             312,441              147,217
Exercised at $14.50 to $19.75 per share                 (162,836)            (11,657)             (52,790)
Expired                                                 (126,708)            (24,413)             (24,857)
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Subject to option at end of year                       1,140,743             918,214              641,843
==========================================================================================================
Grant price per share                             $15.88 - 16.25              $14.75               $19.75
==========================================================================================================
Options outstanding at end of year:
Aggregate option price                               $19,526,000         $16,414,000          $12,417,000
Expiration dates                                    1994 to 2003        1993 to 2002         1992 to 2001
Shares as to which options are exercisable               691,443             592,560              490,186
Price range of outstanding options                $14.50 - 25.25      $14.50 - 25.25       $12.25 - 25.25

</TABLE> 

6. PROFIT-SHARING PLANS   The Company and its subsidiaries have profit-sharing
plans for substantially all of their employees who have completed one year of
service. Distributions are based on net income and payments are made five times
a year and for 1994, 1993, and 1992, distributions under the plans (which were
charged to general and administrative expense) aggregated $3,133,000,
$2,891,000, and $3,296,000, respectively.

        The Company also has a deferred profit-sharing and employee stock
ownership plan covering substantially all domestic employees who have completed
one year of service. At June 24, 1994, 293,707 shares are reserved for issuance
under this plan. Contributions to the plan are made by way of participant salary
deferrals and Company contributions of shares of common stock equal to one-half
of participant deferrals subject to a maximum of 3% of eligible pay. The
Company's contributions (generally from treasury shares) totaled 41,427 shares
in 1994, 27,943 shares in 1993, and 26,267 shares in 1992 with a fair market
value of approximately $650,000, $450,000, and $469,000, respectively (which was
charged to general and administrative expense).

7. PENSION PLANS   The Company has a defined-benefit, trusteed pension plan
which provides retirement benefits for substantially all of its domestic
employees. Benefits under the plan are primarily based on e employee's
compensation during the five years before retirement and the number of years of
service. The Company funds current pension cost up to the maximum deductible
amount allowed by the Internal Revenue Code.

        The components of net pension cost for 1994, 1993, and 1992 are as
follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                  1994                 1993                1992     
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                      <C>                   <C>                 <C> 
Service cost-benefits earned 
    during the period                                     $  1,431,000          $ 1,241,000         $ 1,204,000
Interest cost on projected 
    benefit obligation                                       1,694,000            1,521,000           1,335,000
Actual return on plan assets                                  (188,000)          (2,728,000)         (2,594,000)
Net amortization and deferral                               (2,534,000)             266,000             358,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net pension cost                                          $    403,000          $   300,000         $   303,000
=================================================================================================================

</TABLE> 

The following table sets forth the plan's funded status and obligations as of
June 24, 1994 and June 25, 1993:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                                       1994                1993
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                          <C>                 <C> 
Actuarial present value of benefit obligations:
    Accumulated benefit obligation, including vested benefits 
    of $14,649,000 in 1994 and $13,309,000 in 1993                             $ 15,399,000        $ 13,601,000
=================================================================================================================
Projected benefit obligation                                                   $(23,643,000)       $(20,642,000)
Plan assets at fair value, primarily stocks and bonds                            24,193,000          24,517,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Plan assets in excess of projected benefit obligation                               550,000           3,875,000
Add prior service cost                                                            2,508,000           2,665,000
Less: 
Unamortized net asset at July 1, 1985
  being recognized over sixteen years                                             1,903,000           2,166,000
Unrecognized net gain                                                             4,480,000           7,296,000
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net pension liability (included in accrued 
  employee benefit expense)                                                    $ (3,325,000)       $ (2,922,000)
=================================================================================================================
</TABLE> 

                                                                              23
 
<PAGE>
 
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
              NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES


        Assumptions used in the accounting as of June 24, 1994 and June 25, 1993
were:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                          1994           1993
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>            <C> 
Discount rate                                              8.3%           8.3%
Rate of increase in compensation levels                    5.5            5.5
Expected long-term rate of return on assets                9.0            9.0

</TABLE> 
        
        The Company's Canadian subsidiary has a similar plan for its employees.
The amounts are not significant.

        In addition, during fiscal 1993 the Company established a supplemental
executive retirement plan which is currently unfunded. Executive employees are
eligible to become members of the plan upon designation by the Board of
Directors. Benefits under the plan are based on the employees' annual earnings
and years of service. Provision for this benefit is charged to operations over
the employees' term of employment. The amounts are not significant.

8. Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions   Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits
Other Than Pensions" ("SFAS No. 106") was implemented in 1992. The first quarter
of 1992 was restated to reflect the immediate recognition of the transition
amount of $717,000 or $466,000 net of income taxes ($.03 per share). The
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation ("APBO") is $709,000 and $657,000
at June 24, 1994 and June 25, 1993, respectively. This statement requires the
accrual of postretirement benefits other than pensions (such as health care
benefits) during the years an employee provides services. The Company sponsors a
defined benefit postretirement plan that provides health and dental care
benefits for retired Corporate Officers. The plan is contributory and retirees'
contributions are adjusted annually. The plan is not funded. The net
postretirement liability is included in accrued employee benefit expense.

        The following table sets forth the plan's funded status and obligations
as of June 24, 1994 and June 25, 1993:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                                                          1994          1993
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                 <C>           <C> 
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:                        
    Retirees                                                                         $ 372,000     $ 367,000
    Eligible active plan participants                                                   59,000        54,000
    Other active plan participants                                                     278,000       236,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                                                       709,000       657,000
Plan assets at fair value                                                                    0             0
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation in excess of plan assets                 709,000       657,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Unrecognized net gain                                                                  174,000       188,000
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net postretirement liability (included in accrued employee benefit expense)          $ 883,000     $ 845,000
=============================================================================================================
The components of postretirement benefits cost for 1994 and 1993 are as follows:
Service cost                                                                         $  23,000     $  23,000
Interest on accumulated postretirement benefit obligation                               53,000        56,000 
Amortization of gain                                                                   (14,000)       (9,000)
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net periodic postretirement cost                                                     $  62,000     $  70,000
=============================================================================================================

</TABLE> 

        For measurement purposes, a 13% annual rate of increase in the cost of
providing medical benefits was assumed in 1994, reducing by 1% per year to a
trend rate of 6% for fiscal 2001.

        The weighted average discount rate used in determining the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation was 8.3% and 8.5% in 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

        The health care cost trend has a significant effect on the amounts
reported. An increase of 1% in the rate of increase would have had an effect of
increasing the APBO by $113,000 and the net periodic postretirement cost by
$12,000.

9. Restructuring Charge   During the first quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company
recorded a $6,000,000 pretax charge related to a restructuring program. The
objectives of this program were to increase the Company's competitiveness,
permit investments in new business development, and to strengthen margins. The
restructuring program included the realignment of the Company's marketing and
manufacturing organizations. The restructuring charge consisted of approximately
$4,700,000 of anticipated cash payments related to employee termination and
other postemployment benefits in conjunction with staff reductions throughout
the Company totaling 5% of the 2,200 employee work force. In addition,
approximately $700,000 was related to the noncash write-down of operating
assets, and approximately $600,000 was related to the anticipated cash outflows
for facility closing and relocation costs associated with the closing of two
small administrative facilities. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994, the
Company reviewed the status of the restructuring plan and concluded that certain
operating assets that were planned for disposal would be retained by the
Company. Based upon this review, the restructuring charge was reduced by the
$550,000 that was originally allocated for the estimated noncash charges
associated with these assets. Approximately $3,563,000 of the total anticipated
cash outflows were made as of June 24, 1994 with substantially all of the
remaining $1,737,000 of cash outflows to be made over the next two quarters.

10. Income Taxes   The components of income before income taxes were as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                1994             1993             1992   
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                      <C>             <C>               <C> 
United States                            $25,238,000      $20,815,000      $20,902,000
Canadian                                   2,361,000        3,275,000        3,960,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                    $27,599,000      $24,090,000      $24,862,000
=======================================================================================
</TABLE> 

Provisions for income taxes under SFAS No. 109 in 1994 and SFAS No. 96 in 1993
and 1992 consist of: 
Currently payable:

<TABLE> 
<S>                                      <C>             <C>               <C> 
    Federal                              $ 9,837,000      $ 6,706,000      $ 6,645,000
    State                                  3,145,000        2,400,000          816,000
    Canadian                                 978,000        1,320,000        1,686,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                     13,960,000       10,426,000        9,147,000
Deferred                                  (1,924,000)        (553,000)        (222,000)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Total                                    $12,036,000      $ 9,873,000      $  8,925,000
=======================================================================================
</TABLE> 

24
 
<PAGE>
 
        Cumulative earnings of the Company's Canadian subsidiary are subject to
withholding taxes of approximately $1,752,000 in the event such earnings are
distributed to the United States. No tax provision has been made as the
Company's intent is to reinvest all earnings.  

        The tax effects of significant items comprising the Company's net
deferred tax asset (liability) as of June 24, 1994 are as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                          Current             Noncurrent 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                    <C>                   <C> 
Deferred tax assets:                    
   Accrued expenses                    $  824,000     
   Accrued vacation                       642,000  
   Allowance for doubtful accounts      1,120,000       
   Pension plans                        1,486,000        
   Other                                1,388,000            $   100,000
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred tax liabilities:                       
   Depreciation                                               (1,603,000)
   Other                                                        (191,000) 
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net deferred tax asset (liability)     $5,460,000            $(1,694,000)
===========================================================================
</TABLE> 

        During the first quarter of 1994, Federal tax legislation was enacted in
which the principal provision was to increase the overall tax rate. This had no
material effect on the Company's annual results.

        A reconciliation of the provisions for income taxes to the U. S. Federal
income tax statutory rates follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                                    1994       1993       1992 
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                 <C>        <C>       <C> 
Statutory tax rate                                  35.0%      34.0%      34.0%
State income taxes (less federal tax benefits)       6.4        6.2        6.0 
State tax refund                                                          (4.0)
Other -- net                                         2.2         .8       (0.1)
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Effective tax rate                                  43.6%      41.0%      35.9%
==============================================================================
</TABLE> 

11. FINANCIAL INFORMATION BY GEOGRAPHIC AREA    The Company markets its products
directly to small businesses and professional offices in the United States,
Canada and the United Kingdom. Income from operations reflects all identifiable
operating expenses. Investment income, interest expense and income taxes are
excluded from geographic area operating data. Sales or transfers between
geographic areas were not material. General corporate expenses are included
under the Company's domestic operations.

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

(In Thousands)
1994                            DOMESTIC        INTERNATIONAL           CONSOLIDATED
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>                   <C>                   <C> 
Net sales                       $230,543              $20,710               $251,253
Income from operations            24,795                1,550                 26,345
Identifiable assets              108,998               22,693                131,691

1993                    
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales                       $215,184              $21,960               $237,144
Income from operations            20,561                2,240                 22,801
Identifiable assets               98,814               21,810                120,624

1992                    
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales                       $209,654              $22,781               $232,435
Income from operations            20,657                2,058                 22,715
Identifiable assets               98,118               22,938                121,056
</TABLE> 

12. QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)    
  The following financial information is in thousands of dollars except per
share amounts.

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 
                                       FIRST       SECOND        THIRD       FOURTH       TOTAL
1994                                 QUARTER      QUARTER      QUARTER      QUARTER        YEAR
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>        <C> 
Net sales                            $59,820      $65,550      $63,424      $62,459    $251,253
Gross profit                          36,769       42,685       40,112       39,521     159,087
Income before income taxes             1,305        8,891        8,609        8,794      27,599
Net income                               762        4,967        4,919        4,915      15,563
Earnings per share                   $   .05      $   .32      $   .32      $   .32    $   1.01
===============================================================================================
Dividends per share                  $   .20      $   .20      $   .20      $   .20    $    .80
===============================================================================================

1993    
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net sales                            $57,322      $60,284      $59,377      $60,161    $237,144
Gross profit                          35,599       36,924       36,270       37,981     146,774
Income before income taxes             5,293        5,546        5,860        7,391      24,090
Net income                             3,206        3,332        3,362        4,317      14,217
Earnings per share                   $   .21      $   .22      $   .22      $   .28    $    .93
===============================================================================================
Dividends per share                  $   .20      $   .20      $   .20      $   .20    $    .80
===============================================================================================
</TABLE> 

13. SUBSEQUENT EVENT   On July 8, 1994, the Company acquired a 19 percent 
equity interest in GST Software, plc (GST) for $1,800,000 together with an 
option to acquire the balance of GST shares.  GST is a privately held 
company based in the United Kingdom which develops and markets desktop 
publishing graphic design software which the Company will market under an 
exclusive distribution agreement in North America.

                                                                              25
 
<PAGE>
 
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
              NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES    Cash provided by operating activities was 
$29.7 million in 1994 representing an 18.8% increase from the $25.0 million 
provided in 1993.  This increase was due to higher operating earnings in 1994 
as well as the effects of depreciation, amortization and the unexpended 
restructuring reserve.  In 1993, cash from operations decreased $3.5 million 
from 1992 due to lower operating earnings in 1993 and changes in the balances 
of current assets and liabilities.

        Working capital at June 24, 1994 amounted to $55.2 million including
$41.0 million of cash and short-term investments. This compares to $43.7 million
of working capital and cash and short-term investment balances of $28.1 million
at the end of fiscal 1993. The increase in working capital was due primarily to
increases in cash and short-term investments as the 1993 balances were effected
by the acquisition of the One-Write Plus product line. The increases in deferred
income tax benefit and accounts receivable were offset somewhat by increases in
accrued expenses compared to the prior year.

        Capital expenditures of $6.1 million in 1994 were slightly below the
$6.5 million in 1993 and well below the $9.7 million in 1992. At year end, the
Company was committed for approximately $1.5 million for expansion and
improvement of the telemarketing and customer service areas.

        On July 8, 1994, the Company acquired a 19 percent equity interest in
GST Software, plc for $1.8 million together with an option to acquire the
balance of GST shares.

        In addition to its present cash and investment balances, the Company has
consistently generated sufficient cash internally to fund its needs for working
capital, dividends and capital expenditures. However, should the Company need
additional funds, it has an unsecured line of credit with a major bank for $10
million. At present, there are no outstanding balances against this line.


RESULTS OF OPERATIONS   

1994 VERSUS 1993    Net sales increased 6.0% from $237.1 million in 1993 to
$251.3 million in 1994. This sales increase was composed of price increases of
approximately 1.8% or $4.3 million and unit volume growth of 4.2% or $9.9
million. The computer forms, OWP software, marketing products and custom forms
product lines contributed to the growth.

        Cost of sales decreased from 38.1% of sales in 1993 to 36.7% in 1994.
This decrease was the result of product mix changes, price increases in several
units with stable material costs, improved productivity and effective cost
management within the Company's production facilities.

        Selling and advertising expenses decreased from 29.9% of sales in 1993
to 26.9% in 1994. This decrease reflected a restructuring program implemented in
the first quarter of 1994 and more effective marketing and advertising programs.

        General and administrative costs increased from 22.4% of sales in 1993
to 23.7% in 1994. This increase was due primarily to costs associated with
servicing the Company's expanded software product line.

        During the first quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company recorded a $6.0
million pretax charge related to a restructuring program. The objectives of this
program were to increase the Company's competitiveness, permit investments in
new business development and to strengthen margins. The restructuring program
included the realignment of the Company's marketing and manufacturing
organizations. The restructuring charge consisted of approximately $4.7 million
of anticipated cash payments related to employee termination and other
postemployment benefits in conjunction with staff reductions throughout the
Company totaling 5% of the 2,200 employee work force. In addition, approximately
$.7 million was related to the noncash write-down of operating assets and
approximately $.6 million was related to the anticipated cash outflows for
facility closing and relocation costs associated with the closing of two small
administrative facilities. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company
reviewed the status of the restructuring plan and concluded that certain
operating assets that were planned for disposal would be retained by the
Company. Based upon this review, the restructuring charge was reduced by the
$.55 million originally allocated for the estimated noncash charges associated
with these assets. Approximately $3.6 million of the total anticipated cash
outflows were made as of June 24, 1994 with substantially all of the remaining
$1.7 million of cash outflows to be made over the next two quarters.
Substantially all of the expected savings are associated with reduced staffing
levels throughout the Company and on an annual basis will approximately cover
the restructuring charge.

        The provision for income taxes as a percentage of pre-tax income
increased from 1993 due to a smaller proportion of tax exempt income resulting
from lower interest rates and changes in Federal tax laws creating a higher
corporate tax rate and less favorable treatment of certain foreign source
income.

        In 1994, the Company's adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" was not significant to
the financial statements. The adoption did result in certain reclassifications
of deferred tax assets and liabilities.


1993 VERSUS 1992     Net sales increased 2.0% from $232.4 million in 1992 to 
$237.1 million in 1993.  This sales increase was composed of price increases 
of approximately 1.8% or $4.4 million and unit volume growth of .2% or $.3 
million.  Growth in the computer forms, software, dealer, UK, and custom forms 
business units was somewhat offset by a modest sales decline in the manual 
business forms unit.

        Cost of sales increased from 37.5% of sales in 1992 to 38.1% in 1993.
This increase was the result of product mix changes, increased start up costs
associated with changes in production processes for certain products and lower
than expected incoming order volume.  

        Selling and advertising expenses decreased from 30.7% of sales in 1992
to 29.9% in 1993. This decrease reflected the refinement of marketing programs,
mostly in the latter half of the year, which resulted in a 10% reduction in
selling and advertising costs during that period.

        General and administrative costs as a percent of sales remained
approximately the same as the prior year.

        Investment income decreased due to lower interest rates and lower
investable balances. The lower balances were caused by 1992 treasury share
purchases, the 1992 payoff of the remaining balance of the industrial revenue
financing for the Flagstaff, Arizona manufacturing facility and the January,
1993 acquisition of One-Write Plus. In addition, investment income in 1992
reflected the interest received on a state tax refund which had the effect of
increasing net income by $.3 million or $.02 per share.
  
26
 
<PAGE>
 
        The provision for income taxes as a percent of pre-tax income increased
from 1992 due to the impact of the refund in 1992 of state taxes from the fiscal
years 1988 through 1990 which had the effect of increasing net income by $1.0
million or $.06 per share. Without this refund, the tax rate would have been
approximately the same for both periods.

        In 1992, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits other than Pensions"
which requires the accrual method of accounting for certain postretirement
benefits. The cumulative effect of adopting Statement 106 was $.7 million ($.47
million after tax). The quarterly results for the first quarter of 1992 were
restated to reflect this adoption.

OTHER   SFAS No. 107, "Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments"
was issued in December, 1991 and must be adopted no later than fiscal 1996. SFAS
No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits" was issued in
November, 1992 and must be adopted no later than fiscal 1995. SFAS No. 115,
"Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" was issued in
May, 1993 and must be adopted no later than fiscal 1995. The Company plans to
adopt these Statements within the required period and does not expect any of
them will have a material effect on its financial position or results of
operations.


COMMON STOCK   The Company's Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter
market and quoted on the NASDAQ National Market System. High and low bid prices
of the Company's Common Stock for each quarter by NASDAQ were as follows:

<TABLE> 
<CAPTION> 

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
FISCAL 1994        HIGH       LOW           FISCAL 1993        HIGH       LOW
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                <C>        <C>           <C>                <C>        <C> 
1st Quarter        17 1/4     15 1/2        1st Quarter        16 1/4     14 1/2
2nd Quarter        19 3/4     14 3/4        2nd Quarter        19 3/4     14 1/2
3rd Quarter        21 3/4     18 1/4        3rd Quarter        19 3/4     15 1/4
4th Quarter        21 3/4     17 3/4        4th Quarter        18 1/2     15 1/2

</TABLE> 


                             AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
New England Business Service, Inc.:

        We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of New
England Business Service, Inc. and its subsidiaries as of June 24, 1994 and June
25, 1993, and the related statements of consolidated income, consolidated
stockholders' equity, and consolidated cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended June 24, 1994. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

        We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

        In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly,
in all material respects, the financial position of the companies at June 24,
1994 and June 25, 1993 and the results of their operations and their cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended June 24, 1994 in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles.
 
        As discussed in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, in 1992
the Company adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 106.

        As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
effective June 26, 1993, the Company changed its method of accounting for income
taxes to conform to Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109.

/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
July 22, 1994


                                                                              27
                                                                               
 
<PAGE>
 
CORPORATE OFFICERS



[PICTURE OF RICHARD H. RHOADS APPEARS HERE]

Richard H. Rhoads



[PICTURE OF SALLY C. DAVIS, CHRISTOPHER H. CORBETT, AND RUSSELL V. CORSINI,
JR. APPEARS HERE]

Sally C. Davis, Christopher H. Corbett, 
Russell V. Corsini, Jr.




[PICTURE OF WILLIAM C. LOWE APPEARS HERE]

William C. Lowe




[PICTURE OF THOMAS W. FREEZE, ROBERT S. BROWN, JR., TIMOTHY D. ALTHOF, AND 
EDWARD M. BOLESKY APPEARS HERE]

Thomas W. Freeze, Robert S. Brown, Jr., 
Timothy D. Althof,  Edward M. Bolesky 

Not Pictured: John F. Fairbanks

28
 
<PAGE>
 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Richard H. Rhoads
Chairman of the Board

Peter A. Brooke 
Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer of 
Advent International Corporation 
(an international venture 
capital management firm)

Benjamin H. Lacy 
Assistant Secretary; Of Counsel, 
Hill & Barlow, 
a Professional Corporation

William C. Lowe
President,
Chief Executive Officer

Robert J. Murray
Executive Vice President,
North Atlantic Group,
The Gillette Company

Frank L. Randall, Jr. 
Vice Chairman (retired), 
North American Phillips Corp.

Jay R. Rhoads, Jr.
Chairman of the Board
(retired), NEBS

Robert Ripp
Corporate Vice President - Finance,
AMP Incorporated

BOARD COMMITTEES

Executive Committee
Benjamin H. Lacy
William C. Lowe
Richard H. Rhoads

Audit Committee
Peter A. Brooke
Benjamin H. Lacy
Robert J. Murray

Nominating Committee
Frank L. Randall, Jr.
Jay R. Rhoads, Jr.
Robert Ripp

Organization and 
Compensation Committee 
Peter A. Brooke 
Benjamin H. Lacy 
Robert J. Murray

Stock Option Committee 
Peter A. Brooke 
Benjamin H. Lacy 
Robert J. Murray

NEBS Foundation Directors
Peter A. Brooke 
Benjamin H. Lacy 
Jay R. Rhoads, Jr.


CORPORATE OFFICERS

Richard H. Rhoads
Chairman of the Board

William C. Lowe
President,
Chief Executive Officer

Timothy D. Althof
Vice President, Corporate Controller

Edward M. Bolesky
Vice President -
General Manager, Operations

Robert S. Brown, Jr.
Vice President -
General Manager, Subsidiaries

Christopher H. Corbett
Vice President, Information Systems

Russell V. Corsini, Jr.
Vice President, Chief Financial Officer

Sally C. Davis
Vice President - Manual Business Forms

John F. Fairbanks
Treasurer and Secretary

Thomas W. Freeze
Vice President - Finance and Administration, Image Products

SUBSIDIARY CHIEF EXECUTIVES

NEBS Business Forms, Ltd.
Robert T. Richardson

NEBS Business Stationery
David G. Booth

SYCOM, Inc.
Robert A. Lay
 

CORPORATE OFFICE

NEBS
500 Main Street
Groton, MA 01471
Telephone: 508-448-6111

ANNUAL MEETING

The annual meeting of 
stockholders will be held 
on Friday, October 28, 1994 
at 10:00 am. at the Company's 
offices in Groton, Massachusetts.

FORM 1O-K AVAILABLE

A copy of the annual report filed 
with the Securities and Exchange 
Commission on Form 10-K is available 
to shareholders, without charge, 
upon written request to: 
John F. Fairbanks,
Treasurer and Secretary, 
NEBS, 500 Main Street 
Groton, MA 01471

LEGAL COUNSEL

Hill & Barlow, 
a Professional Corporation, 
One International Place 
Boston, Massachusetts

AUDITORS

Deloitte & Touche LLP
125 Summer Street
Boston, Massachusetts

TRANSFER AGENT AND REGISTRAR

The First National
Bank of Boston
Boston, Massachusetts
 
<PAGE>
 
                          [LOGO OF NEBS APPEARS HERE]


New England Business Service, Inc. 500 Main Street   Groton, Massachusetts 01471


                                                     Printed on Recycled Paper
                     [RECYCLING LOGO APPEARS HERE]   40% Pre-Consumer Content
                                                     10% Post-Consumer Content
 
<PAGE>
 
                            GRAPHICS APPENDIX LIST
                            ----------------------
                                                 
Page Where
Graphic Appears                 Description of Graphic
- ---------------                 ----------------------

Outside Front Cover             Graphic of NEBS logo and photograph of NEBS 
                                Customers: Jane and Gene Behrens

Inside Front Cover              Graphic of various NEBS product catalogs

Page 1                          Portrait photograph of NEBS Customers: Jane and
                                Gene Behrens

Page 3                          Photographs of Richard H. Rhoads, Chairman and
                                William C. Lowe President, Chief Executive 
                                Officer

Page 4                          Graphic of various items of NEBS product line
 
Page 5                          Photograph of NEBS Customer: Dan Wolfe

Page 6                          Graphic of various items of NEBS product line

Page 7                          Photograph of NEBS Customers: Richard and Wilma
                                Hinderleiter

Page 8                          Graphic of various items of NEBS product line

Page 9                          Photograph of NEBS Customer: Karen Lautzenheiser

Page 10                         Graphic of various items of NEBS product line

Page 11                         Photograph of NEBS Customers: James and Jenna 
                                Auxier

Page 12                         Graphic of various items of NEBS product line

Page 13                         Photograph of NEBS Customer: Elaine Warner

Page 28                         Photograph of NEBS Corporate Officers: Richard 
                                H. Rhoads, William C. Lowe, Sally C. Davis, 
                                Christopher H. Corbett, Russell V. Corsini, Jr.,
                                Thomas W. Freeze, Robert S. Brown, Jr., Timothy
                                D. Althof, Edward M. Bolesky

Outside Back Cover              Graphic of NEBS logo


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>



                            LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES


                SYCOM, Inc.
                NEBS Software, Inc.
                NEBS Business Forms Limited


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT
<TEXT>


                                                                  Exhibit 23

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT
- -----------------------------

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos.
2-69422, 2-72662, 33-38925 and 33-43900 of New England Business Service, Inc.
on Form S-8 of our annual reports dated July 22, 1994, appearing and 
incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of New England
Business Service, Inc. for the year ended June 24, 1994.

/s/Deloitte & Touche LLP

Boston, Massachusetts
September 19, 1994


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>ARTICLE 5 FDS FOR 1994 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
THE SCHEDULE CONTAINS SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION EXTRACTED FROM THE
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET OF NEW ENGLAND BUSINESS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS
SUBSIDIARIES AS OF JUNE 24, 1994 AND THE RELATED STATEMENTS OF CONSOLIDATED
INCOME, STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY, AND CASH FLOWS AND IS QUALIFIED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY
REFERENCE TO SUCH FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUN-24-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               JUN-24-1994
<CASH>                                           3,456
<SECURITIES>                                    37,532
<RECEIVABLES>                                   27,963
<ALLOWANCES>                                     3,012
<INVENTORY>                                      7,740
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                85,288
<PP&E>                                         105,065
<DEPRECIATION>                                  67,374
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 131,691
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                           30,092
<BONDS>                                              0
<COMMON>                                        15,572
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                      83,907
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   131,691
<SALES>                                        251,253
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               251,253
<CGS>                                           92,166
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  132,742
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               (1,254)
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                 2,799
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                   0
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 27,599
<INCOME-TAX>                                    12,036
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             15,563
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    15,563
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.01
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.01
        


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
