-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 bu83/zgfOYpKqkVc5gSKJxUwXVNsUB07KjODM4Sm/PK8MCJpJ25i+CYUzHJQ1g/w
 zn+g5f9T0iM5cmOd4Du4fg==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000070530-94-000005.txt : 19940801
<IMS-HEADER>0000070530-94-000005.hdr.sgml : 19940801
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000070530-94-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		1
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940529
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940728

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000070530
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3674
		IRS NUMBER:				952095071
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-02848
		FILM NUMBER:		94540507

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2900 SEMICONDUCTORS DR
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 58090
		CITY:			SANTA CLARA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4087215000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR FORM 10K FY94
<TEXT>



             UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                         Washington, D.C.   20549

                               FORM 10-K

 X    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES 
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)
For the fiscal year ended May 29, 1994
OR

      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 
SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED) For the transition period 
from       to      .

Commission File Number: 1-6453

                    NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION
         (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

    DELAWARE                     95-2095071
    --------                     ----------
   (State of incorporation)     (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number)

              2900 SEMICONDUCTOR DRIVE,  P.O.  BOX 58090
                 SANTA CLARA, CALIFORNIA 95052-8090
                 ----------------------------------
              (Address of principal executive offices)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (408) 721-5000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                Name of Each Exchange on
Title of Each Class                             Which Registered    
- - -------------------                             ------------------------
Depositary shares, each representing            New York Stock Exchange
1/10th share of $32.50 Convertible
Preferred Shares, par value $0.50 per share

Common stock, par value                         New York Stock Exchange
$0.50 per share                                 Pacific Stock Exchange

Preferred Stock Purchase Rights                 New York Stock Exchange
                                                Pacific Stock Exchange

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
$32.50 Convertible Preferred Shares ($0.50 par value) with a liquidation 
                  preference of $500 per share.
                        (Title of class)
                  --Continued on next page--
<PAGE>

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports 
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)of the Securities Exchange 
Act  of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period 
that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been 
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes X . No   .

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to 
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be 
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or 
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this 
Form 10K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non affiliates of the 
registrant as of July 22, 1994, was approximately $1,989,708,418.  
Shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director and by each 
person who owns 5% or more of the outstanding Common Stock have been 
excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates.  This 
determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive 
determination for other purposes.

The number of shares of the registrant's common stock, $0.50 par value, 
as of July 22, 1994, was 122,925,135.

                  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
      Document                                     Location in Form 10-K
      --------                                     ---------------------
1994 Annual Report to Shareholders (pp. 23-48,50)    Parts I, II and IV

Portions of the Proxy Statement for the                   Part III
   Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
   held on or about September 30, 1994.

Portions of the Company's Registration                    Part IV
   Statement on Form S-3, Registration
   No. 33-48935, which became effective
   October 5, 1992.

Portions of the Company's Registration                    Part IV
   Statement on Form S-3, Registration
   No. 33-52775, which became effective
   March 22, 1994.

Portions of the Proxy Statement for the                   Part IV
   Annual Meeting of Stockholders held
   October 30, 1992.

The Index to Exhibits is located on pages 27-28.

<PAGE>
                                 PART I

ITEM 1. BUSINESS        

General                                 
National Semiconductor Corporation (hereinafter including its 
subsidiaries and referred to as "National" or the "Company") designs, 
develops, manufactures and markets a broad line of semiconductor 
products using analog, digital, and mixed signal technology for 
applications in the analog intensive, communications, and personal 
systems market places.
      National, a global supplier of semiconductor products, was 
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1959.
        During fiscal 1994, the Company essentially completed its 
manufacturing consolidation and reduction in cost structure in 
accordance with the restructuring plan announced in previous years, 
including the closure of a wafer fabrication module in its Salt Lake, 
Utah facility, and the closure of a wafer fabrication line in Santa 
Clara, California.  In addition, the Company completed most of the 
process transfers from its Santa Clara facility to the Greenock, 
Scotland fabrication facility and completed the transfer of Mil Aero 
manufacturing to its Singapore facility.  The Company continued to 
reduce headcount and related infrastructure at its Santa Clara facility.  
In 1994, the Company also decided to consolidate its Dynacraft, Inc. 
("DCI") business, consolidate a product division, and decentralize 
product engineering support functions.  These actions will take place in 
fiscal 1995 and will involve asset dispositions, involuntary severance, 
and personnel relocation.
      The Company operates in one industry segment.  The information 
with respect to sales and identifiable assets for National's geographic 
segments appearing on page 43-44 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report to 
Shareholders under the caption "Industry and Geographic Segment 
Information" is incorporated herein by reference.

Products
Semiconductors are either integrated circuits (in which a number of 
transistors and other elements are combined to form a more complicated 
circuit) or discrete devices (such as individual transistors).  In an 
integrated circuit, various elements are fabricated in a small area or 
"chip" of silicon, which is then encapsulated in plastic, ceramic or 
other advanced forms of packaging for connection to a circuit board or 
substrate.
      National manufactures a broad variety of products including 
industry standard, application-specific standard and certain custom 
devices.  National's products are used in numerous commercial and 
consumer applications, including personal systems, data processing, 
local area networking, telecommunications, automotive, industrial and 
military applications.  
      The Company's business is organized around two major operating 
groups, the Communications and Computing Group ("CCG") and the Standard 
Products Group ("SPG").  CCG is structured around applications-focused 
product lines which use the Company's core technologies to serve 
selected vertical markets such as Ethernet local area networks, data and 
telecommunications, personal systems peripherals and office automation.  
SPG primarily addresses broad, horizontal markets and focuses on large, 
high volume product lines, including analog, digital logic, discrete and 
certain memory products; however, its products are aligned to complement 
vertical market focus.  Included within SPG is the Company's wholly-
owned subsidiary, DCI, which supplies semiconductor packaging products 
and technology.

Standard Products Group
In SPG, the Company focuses its core strengths in both analog and 
digital technologies to primarily design and manufacture high volume 
products.  In addition to DCI, SPG is comprised of three divisions:  
Analog, Data Management and Memory.  For fiscal 1994, sales by SPG 
represented approximately two-thirds of the Company's total sales.
      Analog Division.  National continues to be a leader in analog 
products and technology, which has been one of the Company's critical 
core competencies since its inception.  Analog devices control 
continuously variable functions (such as light, color, sound, and power) 
and are used in automotive, 

<PAGE>

telecommunications, audio/video and many industrial applications.  The 
Company's analog products include high-performance operational 
amplifiers, power management circuits, data acquisition circuits and 
voltage regulators.  National provides a variety of analog products 
including standard products, application-specific products and full 
custom products, as well as advanced mixed analog-digital solutions.  
The Company's mixed-signal products include circuits for video monitors 
and consumer audio products, real-time clocks, automotive, custom linear 
ASIC ("CLASIC"), and peripheral drivers.  The Company's discrete 
products are comprised primarily of transistors and diodes which are 
used as control and actuating devices in a broad range of electronic 
systems.
      Data Management Division.  In order to properly reflect the 
breadth of products in this division, the Digital Logic division was 
renamed Data Management in fiscal 1994. This division's products 
incorporate bipolar, CMOS and BiCMOS technologies for high-performance 
applications such as switching and data manipulation.  These 
applications are used in a variety of communications applications and 
computationally intensive applications such as workstations and 
computers, where the Company's FACT, FAST, BCT and 100K ECL product 
families are industry standards.  The Data Management division also 
contains mass storage products which include a wide range of circuits 
found in high-performance disk drives such as read/write amplifiers, 
pulse detectors, data synchronizers, encoder/decoder circuits, and a 
family of motor-speed and head-positioning control devices.
      Memory Division.  The Company's memory products are used primarily 
in computers and information terminals for temporary or permanent data 
storage.  National's principal memory products include electronically 
programmable read only memories ("EPROMS") and electronically erasable 
programmable read only memories ("EEPROMS").

Communications and Computing Group
In CCG, the Company utilizes its technological strengths, particularly 
in networking and mixed-signal technology, to provide solutions 
primarily for the communications and personal systems markets.  Mixed-
signal circuits combine analog and digital functions to link computers 
together over local and wide area networks, transmit data over telephone 
lines, display images on a computer screen and enable computers to store 
and access data on disk drives.  CCG consists of three operating 
divisions: Local Area Networks ("LAN"), Wide Area Networks ("WAN"), and 
Embedded Systems. For fiscal 1994, CCG sales represented approximately 
one-third of the Company's total sales.
      Local Area Networks Division.  The worldwide market for Ethernet 
LAN products has experienced significant growth in the last several 
years.  LANs enable individual computer users within a building to share 
data as a work-group.  National is the world's leading supplier of LAN 
Ethernet controller chipsets, which are currently the dominant protocol 
for LANs.  National's LAN family includes a number of sophisticated 
control functions for networking over standard twisted-pair telephone 
wiring such as the Systems Oriented Network Interface Controller 
("SONIC-T"), the AT/LANTIC single chip network controller for personal 
computers, and the Repeater Interface Controller ("RIC") for use with 
hubs.  Through an alliance with Novell, Inc., the Company also markets 
its own line of Ethernet adapter cards under its Info-Mover trademark.  
The LAN division is also developing products in wireless networking 
which operate independent of twisted-pair or coaxial cabling.  The 
Company also offers a Token-Ring LAN solution through an alliance with 
IBM. 
      Wide Area Networks Division. The Wide Area Networks ("WAN") 
division offers products which allow customers to transmit large amounts 
of data at high speed from one office to another anywhere in the world.  
The WAN division also includes wireless communication products and high 
performance Application Specific Integrated Circuit ("ASIC") products.  
The Company currently supplies numerous solutions that address existing 
telecommunications equipment as well as next generation SONET/ATM 
transmission equipment.
      Embedded Systems Division.  Embedded control products include 4-, 
8-, and 16-bit microcontrollers which combine customized logic and 
memory circuits in a single device.  National's embedded control 
portfolio also includes 16- and 32-bit microprocessor devices for laser 
printers, high-speed facsimile machines, scanners and other imaging 
applications. The Embedded Systems division also includes the Company's 
Super I/O family of input/output devices used on the motherboard of 
personal computers.  A line of voice processors is used in digital 
(tapeless) telephone answering machines and other voice-controlled 
applications.

<PAGE>

Marketing and Sales
The Company markets its products throughout the world primarily to 
original equipment manufacturers ("OEMs") through its own sales force 
and indirectly through distributors.  National's marketing and sales 
effort is organized around four autonomous regional divisions:  The 
Americas (primarily the United States), Asia, Europe and Japan.
       The Company has also established cross-regional marketing groups 
which are responsible for specific customers with worldwide operations.  
A comprehensive, state-of-the-art customer service center in Arlington, 
Texas exists to centralize customer service operations in the United 
States and to handle customer inquiries more effectively.
      National augments its sales effort with application engineers 
based in the field.  These engineers are specialists in National's 
complex product portfolio and work with customers to design-in National 
parts for their systems.  These engineers also help identify emerging 
markets for new products and are supported by Company design centers in 
the field or at manufacturing sites.
      In line with industry practices, National generally credits 
distributors for the effect of price reductions on their inventory of 
National products, and under specific conditions, repurchases products 
that are unsold, slow-moving or have been discontinued by the Company.  
Revenue on shipment to distributors is recognized when products are 
shipped, with provisions for estimated returns and allowances recorded 
at the time of shipment. 

Customers
National is not dependent upon any single customer, or upon any single 
group of customers, the loss of which would have a material effect on 
the Company.  In addition, no one customer or distributor accounted for 
10 percent or more of total net sales in fiscal 1994.

Backlog
Semiconductor backlog quantities and shipment schedules under 
outstanding purchase orders are frequently revised to reflect changes in 
customer needs.  Binding agreements calling for the sale of specific 
quantities at specific prices which are contractually subject to price 
or quantity revisions are, as a matter of industry practice, rarely 
enforced.  For these reasons, National does not believe that the amount 
of backlog at any particular date is meaningful.

Seasonality
Generally, National is affected by the seasonal trends of the 
semiconductor and related industries.  As a result of these trends, the 
Company typically experiences lower revenue in the third fiscal quarter, 
primarily due to customer holiday demand adjustments.  Revenue usually 
has a seasonal peak in the fourth fiscal quarter which corresponds 
roughly to the middle of the calendar year.

Manufacturing
National has essentially completed a program designed to both 
consolidate its manufacturing facilities by closing outdated plants and 
to expand and upgrade certain facilities to create "centers of 
excellence" for key manufacturing technologies.  Within the last two 
years, the Company has sold or closed facilities in Bangkok, Thailand; 
Campinas, Brazil; Kowloon, Hong Kong; and Tucson, Arizona; and has 
transferred a plant in Israel to a minority-owned joint venture.  In 
addition, the Company has closed significant parts of its wafer 
manufacturing structure in the Salt Lake, Utah plant and Santa Clara, 
California facility.  The Company is establishing its CMOS center of 
excellence at its Arlington, Texas facility, its analog center of 
excellence at its Greenock, Scotland facility, and has designated its 
South Portland, Maine facility as its BiCMOS center of excellence.
      The design of semiconductor products is based upon customer 
requirements and general market trends and needs.  These designs are 
compiled and digitized by state-of-the-art design equipment and then 
transferred to silicon wafers in a series of complex precision processes 
which include oxidation, lithography, chemical etching, diffusion, 
deposition, implantation and metallization. Production of the integrated 
circuit continues with wafer sort, where the wafers are tested and 
separated into individual circuit devices; assembly, where tiny wires 
are used to connect the electronic circuits on the device to the 

<PAGE>

stronger metal leads or "prongs" of the package in which the device is 
encapsulated for protection; and final test, where the devices are 
subjected to a series of vigorous tests using computerized circuit 
testers and for certain applications, environmental testers such as 
burn-in ovens, centrifuges, temperature cycle testers, moisture 
resistance testers, salt atmosphere testers and thermal shock testers. 
      The Company's product design and development activities are 
conducted predominantly in the United States.  Wafer fabrication is 
concentrated in four facilities in the United States as well as in a 
facility in Scotland.  Nearly all of the product assembly and final test 
is performed in facilities in Southeast Asia.  For capacity utilization 
and other economic reasons, National employs subcontractors to perform 
certain manufacturing functions in the United States, Southeast Asia and 
Japan.  National also utilizes manufacturing capacity of a minority-
owned  joint venture which operates the Company's former facility in 
Israel.
      The Company's primary process technologies include a 
family of core processes, including Complimentary Metal Oxide Silicon 
("CMOS").  These processes have been adapted for mixed signal 
applications.  National also has optimized its CMOS process for 
nonvolatile memories, both ultraviolet and electrically erasable.  
There are a number of bipolar processes supporting the Company's 
standard products.  Of particular importance are several families of 
processes that are optimized for manufacturing the Company's analog 
products.  In addition, the Company employs several processes that 
combine bipolar and CMOS technologies.  These BiCMOS processes are used 
for their ability to combine very high performance with low power.  One 
of the more sophisticated of these  processes is the ABiC-IV,  which the 
Company operates in a pilot line.

Raw Materials
National's manufacturing processes make use of many raw materials, such 
as silicon wafers, chemicals and gases, ceramic and plastic packages, 
and various types of precious and other metals.  The Company obtains its 
raw materials and supplies from diverse sources.  Although supplies for 
the materials used by the Company are currently adequate, shortages 
could occur in various essential materials due to interruption of supply 
or due to sudden increases in demand by semiconductor manufacturers.

Research and Development
National's research and development ("R&D") is performed at two levels.  
At the corporate level, process development and a limited amount of 
basic research are performed.  At the operating division level, R&D is 
performed to define and develop products specific to the operating 
divisions as well as process development.  Over time, the Company 
envisions initial process capability will be prototyped in corporate R&D 
facilities but more and more of the actual process development as well 
as product design will be performed in the operating divisions.  R&D 
expenses were $257.8 million for fiscal 1994 and were primarily directed 
toward high potential markets in personal systems, communications, and 
analog-intensive markets.

Patents
National owns numerous United States and non-U.S. patents and has many 
patent applications pending.  It considers the development of patents 
and the maintenance of an active patent program advantageous to the 
conduct of its business but believes that continued success will depend 
more on engineering, production, marketing, financial and managerial 
skills than on its patent program.  The Company licenses certain of its 
patents to other manufacturers and participates in a number of cross-
licensing arrangements with other parties.  In addition, the Company is 
currently involved in a program to further capitalize on its 
intellectual property assets through licensing of its intellectual 
property.

Employees
At May 29, 1994, National employed approximately 22,300 people of whom 
approximately 7,700 were employed in the United States, 2,000 in Europe, 
12,100 in Southeast Asia and 500 in other areas.  The Company believes 
that its future success depends fundamentally on its ability to recruit 
and retain skilled technical and professional personnel.  National's 
employees in the United States are not covered by collective bargaining 
agreements.  The Company considers its employee relations worldwide to 
be excellent.

<PAGE>

Competition and Risks

The Semiconductor Industry 
The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid technological 
change and frequent introduction of new technology leading to more 
complex and powerful products.  The result is a cyclical economic 
environment with short product life, price erosion and high sensitivity 
to the overall business cycle.  In addition, substantial capital and R&D 
investment is required for products and processes.  The Company may 
experience periodic fluctuations in its operating results because of 
industry-wide conditions.  National competes with a number of major 
companies in the high-volume segment of the industry.  These include 
several companies whose semiconductor business may be only part of their 
overall operations, such as Motorola, Inc., SGS-Thompson 
Microelectronics SA, Texas Instruments Incorporated, and Advanced Micro 
Devices, Inc.  National also competes with a large number of smaller 
companies that target particular niche markets such as Linear Technology 
Corporation and Cirrus Logic, Inc.  Competition is based on design and 
quality of the products, product performance, price and service, with 
the relative importance of such factors varying among products and 
markets.

International Operations 
National conducts a substantial portion of its operations outside the 
United States and its business is subject to risks associated with many 
factors beyond its control, such as fluctuations in foreign currency 
rates, instability of foreign economies, government changes, and U.S. 
and foreign laws and policies affecting trade and investment.  Although 
the Company has not experienced any materially adverse effects with 
respect to its foreign operations arising from such factors, there can 
be no assurance that such problems will not arise in the future.  In 
addition, although the Company seeks to hedge its exposure to currency 
exchange rate fluctuations, the Company's competitive position relative 
to non-U.S. suppliers can be affected by the exchange rate of the U.S. 
dollar against other currencies, particularly the Japanese yen.

Environmental Regulations
National believes that compliance with federal, state and local laws or 
regulations which have been enacted or adopted to regulate the 
environment has not had nor will have a material effect upon the 
Company's capital expenditures, earnings, competitive position, or 
results of operations.  (See also Item 3, Legal Proceedings of this Form 
10-K.)

<PAGE>

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES 

National's principal administrative and research facilities are located 
in Santa Clara, California.  The Company's major domestic sites are 
primarily devoted to wafer fabrication, research and development, and 
general management and administration.  These domestic sites include 
plants located in Santa Clara, California; South Portland, Maine; 
Arlington, Texas; Murraysville, Pennsylvania; and Salt Lake, Utah.  
Other wafer fabrication facilities are located in Greenock, Scotland.  
Assembly and test functions are performed primarily in facilities 
located in Southeast Asia; specifically, Malacca and Penang, Malaysia; 
Cebu, Philippines; and  Singapore.  Regional sales headquarters are 
located in Santa Clara, California; Munich, Germany; Kowloon, Hong Kong; 
and Tokyo, Japan.  National maintains local sales offices in various 
locations primarily throughout North America, Europe, Southeast Asia, 
Japan, and China.  In general, the Company owns its manufacturing 
facilities and leases most of its sales and administrative offices.
      The Company is party to certain sale and subsequent operating 
leaseback transactions involving its manufacturing facility in 
Arlington, Texas and its research and development facility in Santa 
Clara, California.  These leaseback agreements require collateral in the 
form of standby letters of credit and compliance with financial 
covenants.  In June 1994, the Company entered into a letter of intent 
with the lessor to purchase the equity interest held by the lessor in 
the leaseback agreements and to assume responsibility for payment of the 
nonrecourse debt associated therewith.  The transaction is scheduled to 
close during the first quarter of fiscal 1995.
      The Company is continuing to consolidate its worldwide 
manufacturing capacity in conjunction with its restructuring plan.  
Accordingly, certain facilities have been closed and production 
capabilities transferred to other sites.  During the fourth quarter of 
1994, the Company identified restructuring requirements totaling $10.0 
million for DCI, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, which supplies 
semiconductor packaging products and technology.  The restructure 
reserve for DCI was established specifically for consolidation of the 
DCI business and includes both fixed asset dispositions and reductions 
in force to bring capacity in line with current and foreseeable business 
levels.  The Company also decided in 1994 to further eliminate certain 
commercial manufacturing in its Santa Clara facility.  Concurrent with 
restructuring, the Company has increased expenditures for property, 
plant and equipment during fiscal 1994 and 1993,  as compared to fiscal 
1992, much of which was directed toward modernization and expansion of 
existing sites.  The Company's wafer fabrication capacity utilization 
increased from 85 percent at the end of fiscal 1993 to just above 90 
percent at the end of 1994.  National believes the continued 
modernization and expansion of manufacturing facilities, the current 
condition of its plants, capacity available from subcontractors, and 
continuing improvements in operating efficiencies should allow the 
Company to meet expected demand.  

<PAGE>

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

      On July 14, 1983, the United States Internal Revenue Service 
("IRS") issued an examination report for the fiscal years ended May 31, 
1978 and 1979.  The Company filed a protest with the appeals office of 
the IRS on September 16, 1983. The IRS issued a Notice of Deficiency for 
these years on December 15, 1988 seeking additional taxes of 
approximately $24 million (exclusive of interest).  The issues giving 
rise to the proposed adjustments related primarily to intercompany 
product transfer prices and the application of Subpart F provisions of 
the United States Internal Revenue Code.  The Company filed a petition 
with the United States Tax Court contesting the Notice of Deficiency on 
March 10, 1989. The IRS' subsequent examination of the Company's United 
States tax returns for fiscal years 1980 through 1982 resulted in a 
Notice of Deficiency issued on January 30, 1990 seeking additional taxes 
of approximately $52 million (exclusive of interest) for the fiscal 
years ended May 31, 1976, 1977, 1980, 1981 and 1982.  The issues giving 
rise to the proposed adjustments for the earlier years related primarily 
to reductions in the available net operating loss carrybacks and, for 
the later years, to intercompany product transfer prices, full 
absorption inventory costing, deductibility of certain reserves and 
spares depreciation.  The Company filed a petition with the United 
States Tax Court contesting this Notice of Deficiency on April 28, 1990.  
By order dated August 8, 1991, the Tax Court granted the Company's and 
the IRS' motion to consolidate the two cases for trial.  Prior to trial, 
which was held during the month of February, 1993, the Company and the 
IRS reached a settlement on all disputed issues except for the issue of 
intercompany product transfer prices; this settlement reduced the total 
of the additional taxes being sought to approximately $52 million 
(exclusive of interest).  An opinion was issued by the Tax Court on May 
2, 1994.  The opinion found that adjustments to income of $40.6 million 
were due, which the Company estimates, after giving effect to loss and 
credit carrybacks, will result in a tax deficiency of approximately $5 
million plus associated interest of between $35 million and $45 million.  
The IRS filed a motion for reconsideration of the opinion on June 
3,1994, seeking an additional $31 million in income adjustments.  The 
motion was denied by the court on June 10, 1994.  A final decision 
implementing the opinion will be entered by the Tax Court following 
completion of final computations and the decision will be subject to 
appeal by either the Company or the IRS.  With respect to the IRS' 
examination of tax returns for other fiscal years, the Company and the 
IRS settled in January 1994 all issues for fiscal years 1983 through 
1985, including issues relating to intercompany product transfer 
pricing, without the payment of additional federal tax.  This result 
will be affected by certain net operating loss carryovers and credits, 
which will not be determined until a final decision is entered in the 
Tax Court litigation.  The Company's tax returns for fiscal years 1986 
through 1989 are still under examination by the IRS.  The Company 
believes that adequate tax payments have been made and accruals recorded 
for all years and that the Tax Court opinion will not have a material 
adverse effect on the Company's financial condition.
      On April 22, 1988, the District Director of the United States 
Customs Service, San Francisco, issued a Notice of Proposed Action and a 
Pre-penalty Notice to the Company alleging underpayment of duties of 
approximately $19.5 million on merchandise imported from the Company's 
foreign subsidiaries during the period from June 1, 1979 to March 1, 
1985.  The Company filed an administrative appeal in September 1988.  On 
May 23, 1991, the District Director revised his action and issued a 
Notice of Penalty Claim and Demand for Restoration of Duties, reducing 
the alleged underpayment of duties for the same period to approximately 
$6.9 million; the alleged underpayment was subsequently reduced on April 
22, 1994 to approximately $3.6 million.  The revised alleged 
underpayment could be subject to penalties that may be computed as a 
multiple of the underpayment.  The Company is continuing to contest the 
Penalty Notice in proceedings at the administrative agency level.  The 
Company believes that resolution of this matter will not have a material 
financial impact on the Company.
      A sales tax examination conducted by the California State Board of 
Equalization for the tax years 1984 to 1988 resulted in a proposed 
assessment of approximately $12 million (exclusive of interest and 
penalty) in October 1991, which was subsequently reduced to $8.7 
million.  The Company is contesting the assessment at the administrative 
level and believes that amounts paid and accrued are adequate.
      On December 2, 1992, Hughes Aircraft Company ("Hughes") filed an 
action in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern Division of the 
Northern District of Illinois alleging the Company had infringed U.S. 
Patents Nos. 3,742,712; 3,507,709; and 3,615,934 and seeking unspecified 
amounts of damages and

<PAGE>

costs.  The Company was served with the suit on January 7, 1993.  The 
Company believes the claims are without merit and has filed a 
counterclaim against Hughes' parent, General Motors Corporation ("GM") 
alleging infringement of U.S. Patents Nos. 3,901,735; 4,325,984; and 
4,599,634 owned by the Company.  The case has been transferred to the 
U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California.  The 
Company believes that the ultimate resolution of this matter will not 
have a material impact on the Company's financial position.
      By letter dated January 6, 1994, the Company was notified by the 
California Department of Toxic Substances Control ("DTSC") of a Report 
of Violation ("ROV") listing 39 violations  arising out of inspections 
of certain facilities and operations of the Company located in Santa 
Clara, California and the DTSC's further review of information obtained 
during the inspections.  The deficiencies cited can be described as 
violations of various provisions of the California Health and Safety 
Code and the California Code of Regulations relating to the record 
keeping for and the handling, treatment, storage, and disposal of 
hazardous products and wastes.  The Company is working to correct the 
deficiencies noted in the ROV.  Although the Company has not yet 
received any notification that the state is seeking monetary sanctions 
connected with the ROV, the Company does expect that if the state does 
institute proceedings seeking monetary sanctions, the amount involved 
may exceed $100,000 (the amount specified in Instruction 5c to Item 103 
of Regulation S-K of the Securities and Exchange Commission) but will 
not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position.
      The Company has been named to the National Priorities List 
("Superfund") for its Santa Clara, California site and has completed a 
Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study with the Regional Water Quality 
Control Board ("RWQCB"), acting as agent for the U.S. Environmental 
Protection Agency ("EPA").  The Company has agreed in principle with the 
RWQCB to a site remediation plan.  The Company believes adequate 
provisions have been recorded and that its potential liability, if any, 
in excess of amounts already accrued for the site remediation plan will 
not have a material adverse effect upon its financial position.  In 
addition to the Santa Clara site, the Company has been designated as a 
potentially responsible party by federal and state agencies with respect 
to certain waste sites with which the Company may have had direct or 
indirect involvement.  Such designations are made regardless of the 
extent of the Company's involvement.  These claims are in various stages 
of administrative or judicial proceedings and include demands for 
recovery of past governmental costs and for future investigations and 
remedial actions.  In many cases, the dollar amounts of the claims have 
not been specified and have been asserted against a number of other 
entities for the same cost recovery or other relief as was asserted 
against the Company.  The Company accrues costs associated with such 
matters when they become probable and reasonably estimable.  The amount 
of all environmental charges to earnings, including charges relating to 
the Santa Clara site remediation, which did not include potential 
reimbursements from insurance coverage, have not been material during 
the last three fiscal years.  The Company believes that the potential 
liability, if any, in excess of amounts already accrued will not have a 
material effect on the Company's financial position.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

No matters were submitted to a vote of security holders, through the 
solicitation of proxies or otherwise, during the fourth quarter of the 
fiscal year covered by this report.

<PAGE>

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT


Name                    Current Title                                Age
- - ----                    -------------                                ---

Gilbert F. Amelio (1)   President and Chief Executive Officer         51

Richard M. Beyer (2)    President, Communications and Computing Group 45

Patrick J. Brockett (3) President, International Business Group       46

Charles P. Carinalli (4)Senior Vice President and                     46
                        Chief Technical Officer

John M. Clark III (5)   Senior Vice President, General Counsel        44
                        and Secretary

Robert G. MacLean (6)   Vice President, Human Resources               50

Donald Macleod (7)      Senior Vice President, Finance and            45
                        Chief Financial Officer

Robert B. Mahoney (8)   Controller                                    41

R. Thomas Odell (9)     President, Standard Products Group            45

Edgar R. Parker (10)    Senior Vice President,                        54
                        Quality and Reliability

Kirk P. Pond (11)       Executive Vice President and                  50
                        Chief Operating Officer

Richard L. Sanquini (12)Senior Vice President,                        59
                        Business Development and
                        Intellectual Property Protection

George M. Scalise (13)  Senior Vice President and                     60
                        Chief Administrative Officer

Business Experience During Last Five Years
- - ------------------------------------------

(1)     Mr. Amelio has been President, Chief Executive Officer, and a 
Director of the Company since joining the Company in February 1991.  
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Amelio was President of Rockwell 
Communications Systems and had previously served as President of 
Rockwell International Corporation's Semiconductor Products Division.

(2)     Mr. Beyer joined the Company in February 1993.  Prior to joining 
the Company, Mr. Beyer was Vice President and General Manager of the 
Switching Systems Division of Rockwell International Corporation.

<PAGE>

(3)     Mr. Brockett joined the Company in September 1979.  Prior to 
becoming President, International Business Group in February 1993, he 
had held positions as Corporate Vice President, International Business 
Group; Vice President, North America Business Center; Vice President and 
Managing Director, European Operations; and Vice President and Director 
of European Sales.



(4)     Mr. Carinalli joined the Company in June 1970.  Prior to 
becoming Senior Vice President and Chief Technical Officer in February 
1993, he was Executive Vice President, Communications and Computing 
Group and Chief Technical Officer.  Prior to that, he had held positions 
as Vice President, Integrated Systems Group; Group Director, Integrated 
Systems Group; and Director of Technology, Advanced Digital Products.

(5)     Mr. Clark joined the Company in May 1978.  Prior to becoming 
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary in April 1992, he 
had held positions as Associate General Counsel, Vice President and 
Assistant Secretary.

(6)     Mr. MacLean joined the Company in November 1992 and held the 
position as Human Resources Director, Americas Division until he became 
Vice President, Human Resources in February 1993.  Prior to joining the 
Company, Mr. MacLean held positions as the European Human Resources 
Director for Quantum Corporation and the International Human Resources 
Manager for Spectra-Physics, Inc.

(7)     Mr. Macleod joined the Company in February 1978.  Prior to 
becoming Senior Vice President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer in 
June 1991, he had held positions as Vice President, Finance and Chief 
Financial Officer; Vice President, Financial Projects; Vice President 
and General Manager, Volume Products - Europe; and Director of Finance 
and Management Services - Europe.

(8)     Mr. Mahoney joined the Company as an employee of Fairchild 
Semiconductor Corporation ("Fairchild") when Fairchild was acquired by 
the Company in October 1987.  Prior to becoming Controller of the 
Company in October 1990, he served as Director of Finance for Worldwide 
Marketing and Sales.

(9)     Mr. Odell joined the Company in March 1974.  Prior to becoming 
President, Standard Products Group in June 1994, he had held positions 
as Co-President, Standard Products Group; Vice President, Analog 
Division and Santa Clara Foundry Director.

(10)     Mr. Parker joined the Company in July 1974.  Prior to becoming 
Senior Vice President, Quality and Reliability in February 1993, he had 
held positions as Senior Vice President, Quality and Strategic 
Operations; Senior Vice President, Military/Aerospace Division; Vice 
President and General Manager, Military/Aerospace Division; and Vice 
President and General Manager, Microcomputer Division.

(11)     Mr. Pond joined the Company as an employee of Fairchild in 
October 1987.  Prior to becoming Executive Vice President and Chief 
Operating Officer in June 1994, he held positions as Co-President, 
Standard Products Group and Vice President, Digital Logic Division. 

(12)     Mr. Sanquini first joined the Company in August 1980 and held 
the position of Vice President, Microcomputer Division at the time of 
his departure in June 1989.  From June 1989 until November 1989, Mr. 
Sanquini was President and Chief Executive Officer of Information 
Storage Devices.  Mr. Sanquini rejoined the Company in November 1989, 
and prior to becoming Senior Vice President, Business Development and 
Intellectual Property Protection in August 1991, he held positions as 
acting Senior Vice President, Planning and Development and Vice 
President, Corporate Strategic Projects.

<PAGE>

(13)     Mr. Scalise joined the Company in August 1991 as Senior Vice 
President, Planning and Development and was appointed Senior Vice 
President and Chief Administrative Officer in  April 1992.  Prior to 
joining the Company, Mr. Scalise served as Senior Vice President of 
Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. until July 1987 and as President and Chief 
Executive Officer of Maxtor Corporation from July 1987 to January 1991.  
From January 1991 until August 1991, Mr. Scalise was a private investor, 
and Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Advantage Production 
Technology Corporation.

      Executive officers serve at the pleasure of the Company's Board of 
Directors. There is no family relationship among any of the Company's 
directors and executive officers.

<PAGE>
                                PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON STOCK AND RELATED  STOCKHOLDER 
MATTERS 

See information appearing on pages 36-37,39-40,45-46 and 50 under the captions 
"Debt Financing", "Shareholders' Equity", "Financial Information by 
Quarter (Unaudited)" and "Common Stock Data" of the registrant's 1994 
Annual Report to Shareholders which is incorporated herein by reference.  
Market price range data are based on the New York Stock Exchange 
Composite Tape.  Market price per share at the close of business on July 
22, 1994  was $16.250.  At July 22, 1994, the number of record holders of 
the Company's common stock was 13,413.

ITEM 6.    SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

See "Five-Year Selected Financial Data" on page 23 of the registrant's 
1994 Annual Report to Shareholders which is incorporated herein by 
reference.

ITEM 7.    MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
             AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 

See "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and 
Financial Condition" on pages 24 through 28 of the registrant's 1994 
Annual Report to Shareholders which is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 8.    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The financial statements described in Item 14(a)1 of Part IV of this 
report are incorporated herein by reference.
      The "Financial Information by Quarter (Unaudited)," appearing on 
page 45 of the registrant's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders, is 
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING  
           AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

      Not applicable.

<PAGE>

                                PART III

ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT 

The information with respect to directors, appearing under the caption 
"Election of Directors" including subcaptions thereof, in the 
registrant's Proxy Statement for the 1994 annual meeting of shareholders 
to be held on or about September 30, 1994 and which will be filed in 
definitive form pursuant to Regulation 14a on or about August 10, 1994 
(hereinafter "1994 Proxy Statement"), is incorporated herein by 
reference. Information concerning executive officers is set forth in 
Part I hereof under the caption "Executive Officers of the Registrant."


ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information appearing under the caption "Director Compensation", 
"Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation", and 
"Executive Compensation" (including all related sub captions thereof) in 
the 1994 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND   
            MANAGEMENT 

The information concerning the only known ownership of more than 5 
percent of the Company's outstanding Common Stock "Outstanding Capital 
Stock, Quorum and Voting" in the 1994 Proxy Statement, is incorporated 
herein by reference.  The information concerning the ownership of the 
Company's equity securities by directors, certain executive officers and 
directors and officers as a group, appearing under the caption "Security 
Ownership of Management" in the 1994 Proxy Statement is incorporated 
herein by reference.


ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

The information appearing under the caption "Compensation Committee 
Interlocks and Insider Participation" and "Certain Transactions and 
Relations" in the 1994 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by 
reference.

<PAGE>
                                PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

(a)1.  Financial Statements
- - ---------------------------
The following items appearing in the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders 
are incorporated by reference into Part II of this report:

                                                   Pages in 1994 Annual
                                                  Report to Shareholders
                                                  ----------------------

Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 29, 1994                    29
and May 30, 1993.

Consolidated Statements of Operations for each                 30
of the years in the three-year period ended
May 29, 1994.

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity                31
for each of the years in the three-year period
ended May 29, 1994.

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for each                 32
of the years in the three-year
period ended May 29, 1994.

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.                    33-46

Independent Auditors' Report.                                  47


                                                            Pages in
(a)2.  Financial Statement Schedules                       this document
- - ------------------------------------                       -------------

For the three years ended May 29, 1994:

Independent Auditors' Report                                       18
Schedule I     --     Marketable Securities                        19
Schedule II    --     Amounts Receivable from Related Parties
                      and Employees Other than Related Parties     20
Schedule V     --     Property, Plant, and Equipment               21
Schedule VI    --     Accumulated Depreciation and
                      Amortization of Property, Plant,
                      and Equipment                                22
Schedule VIII   --    Valuation and Qualifying Accounts            23
Schedule X      --    Supplementary Income Statement
                      Information                                  24

      All other schedules are omitted since the required information is 
inapplicable or the information is presented in the consolidated 
financial statements or notes thereto.

<PAGE>

      Separate financial statements of the registrant are omitted 
because the registrant is primarily an operating company and all 
subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements being 
filed, in the aggregate, do not have minority equity interest or 
indebtedness to any person other than the registrant in an amount which 
exceeds five percent of the total assets as shown by the most recent 
year-end consolidated balance sheet filed herein.

(a)3.  Exhibits
- - ---------------
      The exhibits listed in the accompanying Index to Exhibits on pages 
27 through 28 of this report are filed or incorporated by reference as 
part of this report.

(b)  Reports on Form 8-K
- - ------------------------
      No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the fiscal quarter ended 
May 29, 1994.

<PAGE>

                      INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
National Semiconductor Corporation:


Under date of June 10, 1994, we reported on the consolidated balance 
sheets of National Semiconductor Corporation and subsidiaries as of May 
29, 1994, and May 30, 1993, and the related consolidated statements of 
operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years in 
the three-year period ended May 29, 1994, as contained in the 1994 
Annual Report to Shareholders.  These consolidated financial statements 
and our report thereon are incorporated by reference in the May 29, 1994 
annual report on Form 10-K of National Semiconductor Corporation.  In 
connection with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated financial 
statements, we also audited the related consolidated financial statement 
schedules as listed under item 14(a)2.  These financial statement 
schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statement 
schedules based on our audits.

In our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in 
relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a 
whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set 
forth therein.




                                                      KPMG PEAT MARWICK



San Jose, California
June 10, 1994

<PAGE>

                     NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

                  SCHEDULE I -- MARKETABLE SECURITIES

                            At May 29, 1994
                        (in millions of dollars)



                                   Principal                    Carrying
Title of Issue                       Amount     Cost     Market    Value
- - --------------                     ---------    ----     ------ --------

Short-Term Marketable Securities(1)
- - -------------------------------------
Government Securities              $  25.6  $  25.6    $  25.6   $  25.6

Time Deposits                         18.0     18.0       18.0      18.0

Commercial Paper                       3.4      3.4        3.4       3.4

Corporate Notes                       21.7     21.7       21.7      21.7
                                   -------  -------    -------   -------
Total Short-term Marketable
      Securities                   $  68.7  $  68.7    $  68.7   $  68.7


Long-Term Marketable Securities(1)
- - ------------------------------------
Government Securities              $  18.0  $  18.0    $  17.9   $  17.9

Corporate Notes                        3.0      3.0        3.0       3.0
                                   -------  -------    -------   -------
Total Long-term Marketable
      Securities                   $  21.0  $  21.0    $  20.9   $  20.9

(1) Except as disclosed, no individual security or group of securities 
exceeds 2 percent of total assets.

<PAGE>
                   NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

           SCHEDULE II -- AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES
                          AND EMPLOYEES OTHER THAN RELATED PARTIES
          Years Ended May 31, 1992, May 30, 1993, and May 29, 1994


                          Balance at
                           beginning                         Balance at
Year         Name           of year  Additions  Collections  end of year
- - ----         ----         ---------- ---------  -----------  -----------

1992    Peter J. Sprague(1) $645,000  $   -        $ 52,800    $592,200
1992    Gilbert F. Amelio(2)$486,000  $   -        $ 32,807    $453,193

1993    Peter J. Sprague    $592,200  $ 36,790(3)  $104,000    $524,990
1993    Gilbert F. Amelio   $453,193  $ 30,107(3)  $ 20,268    $463,032

1994    Peter J. Sprague    $524,990  $ 19,912(3)  $ 46,245    $498,657
1994    Gilbert F. Amelio   $463,032  $ 31,327(3)  $ 31,500    $462,859
1994    Kelvin Phillips     $   -     $101,285(4)  $   -       $101,285
1994    James M. Thorburn   $   -     $100,978(5)  $   -       $100,978
_____________________________________

(1)  The loan is payable on demand with interest at the rate of bank 
prime plus one percent, which was 7.75 percent at May 29, 1994.  As 
security for the loan, Mr. Sprague has pledged certain stock held by him 
in a privately held company.

(2)  The original loan signed in fiscal 1991 did not bear interest and 
was secured by the deed of trust on Mr. Amelio's former personal 
residence in Texas.  During fiscal 1992, the residence was sold and a 
substantial portion of the outstanding principal was replaced with an 
unsecured promissory note, which  is payable on demand and bears simple 
interest at the rate of 7.0 percent.

(3)  Represents interest accrued in accordance with the terms described 
in (1) and (2).

(4)  7.0 percent interest bearing loan secured by personal residence, due  
March 31,1999 and interest accrued in accordance with such terms.

(5)  7.0 percent interest bearing loan secured by personal residence, due  
April 8,1999 and interest accrued in accordance with such terms.

<PAGE>
                   NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

               SCHEDULE V -- PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                        (in millions of dollars)

                                                                 Balance
                        Balance at                                at end
                        beginning Additions   Retire-               of
Classification          of period  at cost (1) ments (2) Other(3) period 
- - --------------         ---------- ----------- --------- -------- -------

Year ended May 31, 1992
- - -----------------------
Land                     $    9.7   $   -      $   0.2  $   -   $    9.5
Buildings and 
   improvements             310.3       12.9      38.4      -      284.8
Leasehold improvements       46.3        1.3       3.5      -       44.1
Machinery and equipment   1,175.9      111.1     113.5      -    1,173.5
Construction in progress     60.7       64.1       1.8      -      123.0
                         --------    -------   -------  -------  -------
                         $1,602.9   $  189.4   $ 157.4  $   -   $1,634.9
                         ========   ========   =======  ======= ========

Year ended May 30, 1993
- - -----------------------
Land                     $    9.5   $    0.7   $   0.7  $  (0.6)$    8.9
Buildings and 
   improvements             284.8       18.5      31.2    (11.5)   260.6
Leasehold improvements       44.1       15.0       2.1       -      57.0
Machinery and equipment   1,173.5      188.3     162.8    (46.9) 1,152.1
Construction in progress    123.0       12.6       1.9       -     133.7
                         --------    -------   -------  -------  -------
                         $1,634.9   $  235.1   $ 198.7  $ (59.0)$1,612.3
                         ========   ========   =======  ======= ========

Year ended May 29, 1994
- - -----------------------
Land                     $    8.9   $     -    $    -   $   -   $    8.9
Buildings and 
   improvements             260.6       17.5       4.8      -      273.3
Leasehold improvements       57.0       16.1       5.5      -       67.6
Machinery and equipment   1,152.1      206.4     107.1      -    1,251.4
Construction in progress    133.7       30.7        -       -      164.4
                         --------    -------   -------  -------  -------
                         $1,612.3   $  270.7   $ 117.4  $   -   $1,765.6
                         ========   ========   =======  ======= ========
____________________________________________


(1)     Additions are shown net of transfers to other asset accounts.

(2)     Includes assets retired in conjunction with restructuring
programs.

(3)     During fiscal 1993, National sold its assembly and test facility 
in Bangkok, Thailand.  Property, plant and equipment totaling 
approximately $59.0 million was disposed on the effective date of the 
sale.


<PAGE>
                  NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

       SCHEDULE VI -- ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION OF
                    PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT
                       (in millions of dollars)

                                                                 Balance
                      Balance at                                  at end
                      beginning               Retire-               of
Classification        of period  Provisions(1)ments (2) Other(3)  period
- - --------------        ---------  ----------- --------- --------  -------

Year ended May 31, 1992
- - -----------------------
Buildings and 
  improvements          $  148.2      $ 18.2    $ 16.4  $  -    $  150.0
Leasehold improvements      27.4         3.6       2.8     -        28.2
Machinery and equipment    899.9       137.8      99.7     -       938.0
                        --------    --------   -------  ------   -------
                        $1,075.5      $159.6    $118.9  $  -    $1,116.2
                        ========    ========   =======  ======   =======

Year ended May 30, 1993
- - -----------------------
Buildings and 
  improvements          $  150.0      $ 17.0    $ 21.8  $ (7.4) $  137.8
Leasehold improvements      28.2         3.6       1.9      -       29.9
Machinery and equipment    938.0       132.0     161.6   (41.2)    867.2
                        --------    --------   -------  -------  -------
                        $1,116.2      $152.6    $185.3  $(48.6) $1,034.9
                        ========    ========   =======  =======  =======

Year ended May 29, 1994
- - -----------------------
Buildings and 
  improvements          $  137.8     $  16.3   $   1.7 $    -   $  152.4
Leasehold improvements      29.9         4.8       3.5      -       31.2
Machinery and equipment    867.2       146.0      99.2      -      914.0
                        --------    --------   -------  ------    ------
                        $1,034.9     $ 167.1   $ 104.4 $    -   $1,097.6
                        ========    ========   =======  ======   =======
______________________________________________


(1)     Depreciation is provided using both accelerated and straight-
line methods over the estimated useful lives of the respective assets.  
Annual depreciation and amortization provisions have been computed based 
upon the following estimated useful lives:

      Buildings and improvements. . . . . . .10 to 45 years
      Machinery and equipment   . . . . . . . 3 to 10 years

(2)     Includes amounts retired in conjunction with restructuring
programs.

(3)     During fiscal 1993, National sold its assembly and test facility 
in Bangkok, Thailand.  Accumulated depreciation on property, plant and 
equipment totaling approximately $48.6 million was disposed on the 
effective date of the sale.


<PAGE>
                   NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

            SCHEDULE VIII -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

         Years Ended May 31, 1992, May 30, 1993, and May 29,1994
                       (in millions of dollars)

                                    Deducted from receivables
                                       in the balance sheet

                                    Doubtful      Returns and
Description                         Accounts       Allowances      Total
- - -----------                         --------      -----------      -----
Year ended May 31, 1992
- - -----------------------
Balance at beginning of period      $    4.7        $   43.4   $   48.1
Additions charged against revenue         -            221.5      221.5
Additions charged to costs and expenses (0.5)            -         (0.5)
Deductions                              (0.7)(1)      (229.2)    (229.9)
                                    --------         --------  --------
Balance at end of period            $    3.5        $   35.7   $   39.2
                                    ========         ========  ========

Year ended May 30, 1993
- - -----------------------
Balance at beginning of period       $   3.5        $   35.7   $   39.2
Additions charged against revenue         -            222.9      222.9
Additions charged to costs and expenses  0.1             -          0.1
Deductions                              (0.1)(1)      (229.1)    (229.2)
                                     -------          -------  --------
Balance at end of period             $   3.5        $   29.5   $   33.0
                                     =======          =======  ========

Year ended May 29, 1994
- - -----------------------
Balance at beginning of period       $   3.5        $   29.5   $   33.0
Additions charged against revenue         -            193.2      193.2
Additions charged to costs and expenses (0.1)             -        (0.1)
Deductions                              (0.4)(1)      (191.9)    (192.3)
                                     -------       ---------   --------
Balance at end of period             $   3.0        $   30.8   $   33.8
                                    ========       =========   ========

________________________________________________


(1)     Doubtful accounts written off, less recoveries.

<PAGE>

                  NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

         SCHEDULE X -- SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION

         Years Ended May 31, 1992, May 30, 1993, and May 29,1994
                       (in millions of dollars)


                                          Charged to expense (1)
                                          ----------------------
                                          1992    1993    1994
                                          ----    ----    ----


Maintenance and repairs                  $89.3   $83.8   $57.7

Advertising                              $17.9   $26.1   $35.9

____________________________________________


(1)     Expense from continuing operations only.  All other items 
required  are less than 1 percent of sales.


<PAGE>

                               SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be 
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                    NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

Date: July 28, 1994                       By:  /S/  GILBERT F. AMELIO
                                                ----------------------
                                                     Gilbert F. Amelio
                                               Director, President and
                                               Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of 
the registrant and in the capacities stated and on the 28th day of July 
1994.

Signature                               Title   


/S/  PETER J. SPRAGUE*          Chairman of the Board
       Peter J. Sprague

/S/  GILBERT F. AMELIO          Director, President and
       Gilbert F. Amelio        Chief Executive Officer
                               (Principal Executive Officer)

/S/  DONALD MACLEOD*            Senior Vice President, Finance and
       Donald Macleod           Chief Financial Officer
                               (Principal Financial Officer)

/S/  ROBERT B. MAHONEY*         Controller
       Robert B. Mahoney        (Principal Accounting Officer)

/S/  GARY P. ARNOLD*            Director
       Gary P. Arnold

/S/  ROBERT BESHAR*             Director
       Robert Beshar

/S/ MODESTO A. MAIDIQUE*        Director
       Modesto A. Maidique

/S/ J. TRACY O'ROURKE*          Director
       J. Tracy O'Rourke

/S/  CHARLES E. SPORCK*         Director
       Charles E. Sporck

/S/  DONALD E. WEEDEN*          Director
       Donald E. Weeden

*By         /S/  GILBERT F. AMELIO
            Gilbert F. Amelio, Attorney-in-fact


<PAGE>

                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS


The Board of Directors and Shareholders
National Semiconductor Corporation:


     We consent to incorporation by reference in the Registration 
Statements No. 33-48943, 33-48939 and 33-48941 on Form S-8 of National 
Semiconductor Corporation and subsidiaries of our report dated June 10, 
1994, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of National 
Semiconductor Corporation and subsidiaries as of May 29, 1994, and May 
30, 1993, and the related consolidated statements of operations, 
shareholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-
year period ended May 29, 1994, which report appears on page 47 of the 
1994 National Semiconductor Corporation Annual Report to Shareholders 
("National Annual Report") and is incorporated by reference in the May 
29, 1994 annual report on Form 10-K of National Semiconductor 
Corporation and our report dated June 10, 1994, on the related financial 
statement schedules which appears on page 18 of the May 29, 1994 annual 
report on Form 10-K.  Our report which appears in the National Annual 
Report refers to a change in accounting for certain costs in inventory.



                                           KPMG PEAT MARWICK


San Jose, California
July 25, 1994

<PAGE>
                           INDEX TO EXHIBITS
                             Item 14(a) (3)
The following documents are filed as part of this report:
1.      Financial Statements: reference is made to the Financial 
Statements described under Part IV, Item 14(a) (1).
2.      Other Exhibits:

Designation    Description of Exhibit
- - -----------    ----------------------
      3.1     Second Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the 
Company, as amended (incorporated by reference from the Exhibits to the 
Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 Registration No. 33-52775, 
which became effective March 22, 1994); Certificate of Powers, 
Designations, Preferences and Rights designating the $32.50 Convertible 
Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference from the Exhibits to the 
Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 Registration No. 33-52775, 
which became effective March 22, 1994.)

      3.2     By-Laws of the Company (incorporated by reference from the 
Exhibits to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3 
Registration No. 33-52775, which became effective March 22, 1994.)

      4.1     Form of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by 
reference from the Exhibits to the Company's Registration Statement on 
Form S-3 Registration No. 33-48935, which became effective October 5, 
1992.)

      4.2     Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference from the 
Exhibits to the Company's Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed 
August 10, 1988.)

      4.3     Deposit Agreement and Form of Depositary Receipt 
(incorporated by reference from the Exhibits to the Company's 
Registration Statement on Form S-3 Registration No. 33-52775, which 
became effective March 22, 1994.)

      NOTE:  Exhibits 10.X follow Exhibit 21.0 in this Edgar filing.

      10.1     Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
License Agreement with Wave Systems Corporation (incorporated by 
reference from the Exhibits to the Company's 10-Q filed March 18,1994.)

      10.2     Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
Key Employee Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference from the Exhibits 
to the Company's 10-K filed August 24, 1992).  Key Employee Incentive 
Plan, as amended.

      10.3    Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
1994 Key Employee Incentive Plan Agreement (incorporated by reference 
from the Exhibits to the Company's 10-K filed August 9, 1993).  1995 Key 
Employee Incentive Plan Agreement. 

      10.4    Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
Executive Officer Incentive Plan and 1995 Executive Officer Incentive 
Plan Agreement.

      10.5    Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
1977 Stock Option Plan (Amended) (incorporated by reference from the 
Exhibits to the Company's Form 10-K, filed August 17, 1990).  Stock 
Option Plan, as amended and restated.

      10.6    Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
Benefit Restoration Plan (incorporated by reference from the Exhibits to 
the Company's 10-K filed August 24, 1992).

<PAGE>

      10.7    Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
Promissory Note and Agreement with Peter J. Sprague (incorporated by 
reference from the Exhibits to the Company's Form 10-K filed August 22, 
1991).  Amendment Letter dated November 30, 1993.

      10.8 Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
Airplane Use Letter Agreement with Gilbert F. Amelio doing business as 
Aero Ventures (incorporated by reference from the Exhibits to the 
Company's Form 10-K filed August 22, 1991).  1992 Extension of Airplane 
Use Letter Agreement with Gilbert F. Amelio doing business as Aero 
Ventures (incorporated by reference from the Exhibits to the Company's 
10-K filed August 24, 1992).  1993 Extension of Airplane Use Letter 
Agreement with Gilbert F. Amelio doing business as Aero Ventures 
(incorporated by reference from the Exhibits to the Company's 10-K filed 
August 9, 1993).  Airplane Use Agreement with Gilbert F. Amelio doing 
business as Aero Ventures (incorporated by reference from the Exhibits 
to the Company's 10-Q filed March 18, 1994.)

      10.9    Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
Bridge Loan Agreement with Gilbert F. Amelio (incorporated by reference 
from the Exhibits to the Company's Form 10-K filed August 22, 1991).  
Loan Agreement with Gilbert F. Amelio (incorporated by reference from 
the Exhibits to the Company's 10-K filed August 24, 1992.)

      10.10   Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
Director Stock Plan (incorporated by reference from the Exhibits to the 
Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of 
Stockholders held October 30, 1992 filed on September 17, 1992.)

      10.11   Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
Performance Award Plan (incorporated by reference from the Exhibits to 
the Company's 10-K filed August 24, 1992.)

      10.12   Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement: 
Compensation arrangement with Richard M. Beyer (incorporated by 
reference from the Exhibits to the Company's 10-K filed August 9, 1993.)

      10.13   Management Contract or Compensating Plan or Arrangement: 
Settlement Agreement and General Release with Raymond J. Farnham 
(incorporated by reference from the Exhibits to the Company's 10-K filed 
August 9, 1993.)

      10.14   Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement:  
Consulting Agreement with Harry H. Wetzel.

      10.15   Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Agreement:
Preferred Life Insurance Program.

      11.0    Computation of Earnings (Loss) per share assuming full 
dilution.

     13.0   Portions of the Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal 
year ended May 29, 1994 (to be deemed filed only to the extent required 
by the instructions to Exhibits for reports on Form 10-K.)

      18.0   Auditor's Preferability Letter on Accounting Change 
(incorporated by reference from the exhibits to the Company's 10-Q filed 
September 29,1993.)
      21.0    List of Subsidiaries.

      23.0    Consent of Independent Auditors (included in Part IV).

      24.0    Power of Attorney.

<PAGE>
      NOTE:  Exhibits 10.X follow Exhibit 21.0 in this Edgar filing.

                                                          Exhibit 11.0

                  NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION
   CALCULATION OF EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE-ASSUMING FULL DILUTION (1)
                (in millions, except per share amounts)

                                                   Year ended 
                                          ---------------------------
                                           May 29,   May 30,   May 31
                                            1994      1993      1992
                                           ------    ------    ------
Net earnings (loss) before cumulative 
  effect of accounting change              $259.1   $130.3   $(120.1)
Cumulative effect of accounting change        4.9       -         -  
                                          -------   ------    -------
Net income (loss)                          $264.0   $130.3   $(120.1)
                                          =======   ======    =======
Number of shares:
 Weighted average common shares
   outstanding                             113.0     107.4     104.6
 Net additional shares issuable from 
   exercise of options and warrants          8.8       9.0       6.1
Shares issuable from assumed 
  conversion of preferred shares            19.6      16.0       8.3
                                          ------    ------    ------
Weighted average common shares 
  outstanding - assuming full dilution     141.4     132.4     119.0
                                         =======   =======    ======

Earnings(loss) per share - assuming
  full dilution before cumulative 
  effect of accounting change              $1.83    $0.98    $(1.01)
Cumulative effect of accounting change      0.04      -         -  
                                          ------   ------    ------
Net earnings (loss)                        $1.87    $0.98    $(1.01)
                                         =======  =======    ======

______________________________________________

(1)     For fiscal 1992, this calculation is submitted in accordance 
with Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(11) although it is contrary to paragraph 
40 of APB Opinion No. 15 because it produces an anti-dilutive result.

<PAGE>
                                                           Exhibit 13.0

NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION 1994 ANNUAL REPORT
5 YEAR SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
(in millions, except per share amounts)

                                           Years Ended
                         -----------------------------------------------
                         May 29,   May 30,   May 31,   May 26,   May 27,
                          1994      1993      1992      1991      1990
                        --------  --------  --------  --------  --------

OPERATING RESULTS
Net sales               $2,295.4  $2,013.7  $1,717.5  $1,701.8 $1,675.0
Operating costs 
  and expenses           2,002.8   1,866.7   1,839.9   1,854.4  1,719.8
                         -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Operating income (loss)    292.6     147.0    (122.4)   (152.6)   (44.8)
Interest income, net        10.9       2.9       5.4       3.6     12.4
                         -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Income (loss) before 
  income taxes and 
  cumulative effect
  of accounting change     303.5     149.9    (117.0)   (149.0)   (32.4)
Income taxes (benefit)      44.4      19.6       3.1       1.3     (3.1)
                         -------   -------   -------   -------   -------
Income (loss) from
  continuing operations
  before cumulative 
  effect of accounting
  change                   259.1     130.3    (120.1)  (150.3)    (29.3)
                         =======   =======   =======   =======   =======
   Net income (loss)    $  264.0   $ 130.3   $(120.1) $(151.4)  $ (25.0)
                         =======   =======   =======   =======   =======
Net income (loss) used in primary
  earnings per common share 
  calculation (reflecting 
  preferred dividends):
Income (loss) from 
  continuing operations
  before cumulative effect
  of accounting change    $240.4   $ 113.2  $(130.1)  $(160.3)  $ (39.3)
Net income (loss)          245.3     113.2   (130.1)   (161.4)    (35.0)
                         =======   =======   =======   =======   =======

Earnings (loss) per common share:
From continuing operations
  before cumulative effect
  of accounting change:
    Primary                $1.98  $  0.98   $ (1.24)  $ (1.55)  $ (0.38)
    Fully diluted          $1.83  $  0.98   $ (1.24)  $ (1.55)  $ (0.38)
Net income (loss):
  Primary                  $2.02  $  0.98   $ (1.24)  $ (1.56)  $ (0.34)
  Fully diluted            $1.87  $  0.98   $ (1.24)  $ (1.56)  $ (0.34)
                         =======   =======   =======   =======   =======
Weighted average common
  and common equivalent
  shares outstanding:
    Primary                121.4     115.9     104.6     103.4     102.7
    Fully diluted          141.4     115.9     104.6     103.4     102.7
                         =======   =======   =======   =======   =======

FINANCIAL POSITION AT YEAR-END
Working capital         $  439.0  $  336.6  $  122.0  $  196.1  $  223.4
Total assets            $1,747.7  $1,476.5  $1,148.9  $1,190.7  $1,377.6
Long-term debt          $   14.5  $   37.3  $   33.9  $   19.9  $   64.2
Total debt              $   30.1  $   47.9  $   45.4  $   46.0  $   76.2
Shareholders' equity    $1,105.7  $  837.4  $  539.4  $  658.3  $  816.8
                         =======   =======   =======   =======   =======

OTHER DATA
Research and development
  expense                $ 257.8   $ 229.2   $ 208.9   $ 198.6   $ 252.4
Capital additions        $ 270.7   $ 235.1   $ 189.4   $ 109.8   $ 182.0
Number of employees at
  (in thousands)            22.3      23.4      27.2      29.8      32.7
                         =======   =======   =======   =======   =======

National has paid no cash dividends on its common stock in any of the 
years presented above.

See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements regarding certain 
reclassifications of expenses.

<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND 
FINANCIAL CONDITION

Results of Operations

National recorded sales of $2.3 billion in 1994 compared to $2.0 billion 
in 1993 and $1.7 billion in 1992.  In addition, net income was $264.0 
million in 1994 compared to $130.3 million in 1993 and a net loss of 
$120.1 million in 1992.  Net results in 1994 include a $4.9 million gain 
from a change in accounting (see Note 3) and a favorable $2.6 million 
restructuring adjustment (see Note 2).  The increase in net income in 
both 1994 and 1993 was due primarily to increased sales combined with 
improved gross margins.  The loss in 1992 was primarily attributable to 
restructuring charges of $149.3 million.
     Fiscal 1994 and 1993 were each 52-week years while fiscal 1992 was 
a 53-week year.  While the additional week did affect overall sales and 
spending during fiscal 1992, the comparability of the annual financial 
results from year to year was not materially impacted.

Sales

     Sales increased 14 percent in 1994 over 1993 relating primarily to 
growth in the Company's Standard Products Group ("SPG") as a result of 
increased unit volumes and to a lesser extent, increased average selling 
prices.  These increases were complemented by higher sales in the 
Communications and Computing Group ("CCG") resulting from increased 
volumes, partially offset by aggressive pricing actions, particularly in 
Ethernet local area network ("LAN") sales.  End user markets for the 
Company's products are diversified, but are focused in personal 
computers, telecommunication and switching systems, automotive, and mass 
storage.
     Within SPG, analog intensive products contributed to the majority 
of the increase in sales year over year, reflecting increases in unit 
volume and to a lesser extent, increases in the average selling price.  
In addition, the Data Management division, which focuses on digital 
logic and mass storage applications, also experienced increased sales as 
growth in advanced logic products more than offset declines in older 
commodity logic products.  Sales of memory products also increased over 
the prior year, primarily due to increases in unit volume.  
     The Company's CCG sales increased in 1994 over 1993, reflecting 
increases in unit sales for its Embedded Systems and Wide Area Networks 
("WAN") divisions, combined with slight increases in average selling 
prices.  Total Ethernet sales decreased slightly from the prior year, 
reflecting higher volume sales but lower prices, due to aggressive 
pricing actions taken during the year.
     The increase in SPG sales in 1993 over 1992 relates to increased 
unit volume in the Analog, Memory and Data Management divisions and 
increased prices on certain products, as well as better product mix, 
within the Data Management division.  The increase in CCG sales in 1993 
compared to 1992 reflects higher average selling prices and increased 
volume in the Embedded Systems division and higher Token Ring product 
sales, as well as increases in certain products within the LAN division.
      Sales increased from 1993 to 1994 in all geographic regions with 
Europe at 20 percent, Asia at 19 percent, and the Americas at 8 percent.  
Within the Asia region, Japan increased 27 percent.  The Americas, Asia, 
and Europe regions account for 44 percent, 34 percent ,and 22 percent of 
net sales, respectively.
      In 1993, the Americas region accounted for 47 percent of net 
sales, followed by Asia at 33 percent and Europe at 20 percent.  Asia 
increased 29 percent from 1992 whereas increases in Americas and Europe 
were 13 percent and 11 percent, respectively.
     Although future business conditions are difficult to predict, the 
Company a slightly slower growth rate in both SPG and CCG sales during 
1995 as the Company continues to focus on segments in the automotive 
market, personal computers, mass storage, business communications, and 
telecommunications.

<PAGE>

Gross Margin

Gross margin as a percentage of net sales improved to 41.8 percent in 
1994 from 35.5 percent in 1993 and 31.2 percent in 1992 (as 
reclassified, see Note 3), representing significant increases in both 
SPG and CCG.  The improvement in gross margin was driven by improved 
sales mix through the introduction of newer, higher margin products and 
reduced offerings of older products.  In addition, utilization of wafer 
fabrication capacity continues to improve and was just above 90 percent 
at the end of fiscal 1994.  This is an improvement from 85 percent at 
the end of 1993 and nearly 80 percent at the end of 1992.  The 
improvement in gross margin in fiscal 1993 over 1992 was attributable to 
higher volume, improved manufacturing efficiencies, reductions in the 
Company's cost structure as a result of its continuing restructuring 
plan and a continued shift towards higher margin products.
     Management believes wafer fabrication capacity utilization will 
decrease slightly during the next fiscal year.  Gross margin as a 
percentage of net sales is expected to remain at equivalent levels in 
fiscal 1995, subject to market influences.

Research and Development 

Research and development ("R&D") expenses were $257.8 million for fiscal 
1994, or 11.2 percent of sales, compared to $229.2 million, or 11.4 
percent and $208.9 million, or 12.2 percent of sales for 1993 and 1992, 
respectively.  The Company's spending on R&D has increased in absolute 
dollars although it has marginally decreased as a percentage of sales 
compared to 1993.  The dollar increase was mainly due to increased 
spending in analog intensive and communication products.  The dollar 
increase in 1993 was attributed primarily to analog intensive products, 
networking products, and various emerging products.  The Company expects 
to maintain future R&D at a level comparable with fiscal 1994 as a 
percentage of sales.  National will continue to direct its R&D efforts 
toward high potential markets in automotive, personal computers, mass 
storage, business communications, and telecommunications markets.

Selling, General and Administrative
 
Selling, general and administrative ("SG&A") expenses increased to 
$411.3 million, or 17.9 percent of sales in 1994 from $339.2 million, or 
16.8 percent in 1993, and $299.6 million, or 17.4 percent of sales in 
1992.  SG&A expenses in fiscal 1994 include a charge of $10.1 million 
for consolidation of sales and marketing facilities in the Company's 
international business regions offset by net intellectual property 
income of $15.9 million and a gain on the sale of a minority investment 
of $2.2 million.  Equivalent amounts for fiscal 1993 were $43.7 million 
for net intellectual property income, partially offset by $11.9 million 
for tax case (see Note 6) related legal expenses, $10.1 million 
representing costs of centralizing sales and logistics facilities within 
the Company's international business regions, and $4.7 million in a 
write down of a minority investment.  Fiscal 1992 SG&A included a credit 
of $21.6 million in net intellectual property income.    The Company 
continues to pursue opportunities to leverage its intellectual property; 
however, the timing and amount of future licensing income cannot be 
forecast with certainty at this time. 
      Exclusive of the above items, SG&A expenses for 1994 were $419.3 
million, or 18.3 percent of sales, compared to $356.2 million, or 17.7 
percent of sales in 1993 and $321.2 million or 18.7 percent of sales in 
1992.  The growth in SG&A expenses was fueled by increased contributions 
to certain employee, compensation, and benefit plans, including the 
employee retirement and savings program, and additional product 
advertising and related promotional costs.  In addition, as the sales 
continue to increase a general increase in selling expenses is incurred.  
SG&A expenses in fiscal 1993 

<PAGE>

increased in absolute dollars primarily due to increased investments in 
marketing, advertising, and training programs.  Increased cost of 
certain employee benefit plans, including increased contributions to 
employee retirement and savings programs, also contributed to the 
increase in SG&A for 1993.  The Company will continue to emphasize its 
investments in market development and employee benefit programs in 1995; 
however, fiscal 1995 SG&A expenses are not expected to differ 
significantly from those of fiscal 1994 as a percentage of sales.

Restructuring of Operations

Included in 1994 results is a favorable pretax restructuring adjustment 
of $2.6 million resulting from a reversal of $24.2 million, originally 
provided in 1992, offset by $21.6 million in new charges identified by 
the Company for activities to be completed in fiscal 1995.  The fiscal 
1992 restructuring related primarily to worldwide consolidations of 
underutilized manufacturing operations, including write downs of certain 
assets, work force reductions, and process transfers.  The release of 
the $24.2 million is attributable to the Company's decision not to sell 
additional manufacturing facilities and a larger than anticipated gain 
on the sale of a building housing the Company's former headquarters in 
Asia.
     During the fourth quarter of 1994, the Company identified new 
restructuring requirements totaling $21.6 million (of which $7.7 million 
is non-cash).  Included in this amount are reserves totaling $10.0 
million for the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Dynacraft, Inc. 
("DCI"), for consolidation of the DCI business and includes both fixed 
asset dispositions and reductions in work force to bring capacity in 
line with current and foreseeable business levels.  The action also 
includes the consolidation of one division within CCG, the consolation 
of certain products, and the decentralization of product engineering 
support functions.  These actions resulted in a $6.8 million charge 
primarily for involuntary severance and personnel relocation as well as 
the write off of licensed technology associated with products no longer 
supported by CCG.  The last major element of the fiscal 1994 
restructuring relates to a decision by the Company to discontinue 
commercial manufacturing in a facility at the Santa Clara, California 
location.  The attendant reduction in staffing levels and asset 
dispositions required a $4.8 million charge and include further 
elimination of product testing at the Santa Clara, California facility.
      During fiscal 1994, the Company utilized $44.2 million of 
restructuring reserves, primarily attributable to the closure of a wafer 
fabrication module in its Salt Lake, Utah facility, and a wafer 
fabrication line in Santa Clara.  Both of these closures were previously 
announced.  In addition, the Company completed most of the process 
transfers from its Santa Clara, California facility to its Greenock, 
Scotland fabrication facility and completed the transfer of Mil Aero 
manufacturing to its Singapore facility.  The Company continued to 
reduce headcount and related infrastructure at its Santa Clara, 
California facility.
     During fiscal 1993, the Company continued the consolidation 
activities related to the restructure charges recorded in fiscal 1992 
and 1991. The Company sold its Bangkok, Thailand facility and also sold 
its Migdal Haemek, Israel facility to a joint venture, in which the 
Company has less than a 20 percent investment.  The Company also 
continued activities related to the closure of a fabrication module at 
its Salt Lake, Utah location and announced the closure of a fabrication 
module in Santa Clara, California.
     In fiscal 1992, National incurred a restructuring charge of $149.3 
million for the consolidation of underutilized manufacturing capacity 
including a write down of certain assets, reductions in the work force, 
and process transfers.  In 1992, National closed manufacturing 
facilities in Brazil and Hong Kong and ceased discrete wafer fabrication 
operations in Santa Clara, California.

<PAGE>

Interest Income and Interest Expense

Net interest income was $10.9 million for 1994 compared to $2.9 million 
in 1993 and $5.4 million in 1992.  Interest income has increased due 
primarily to higher average cash and investment balances in 1994 as 
compared to 1993, as well as a slight increase in interest rates.  
Interest expense decreased due to lower average outstanding debt 
balances in 1994 over 1993.  Net interest income was lower in 1993 
compared to 1992 due primarily to lower rates of return on cash and 
investment balances combined with higher interest expense.

Income Tax Expense

Income tax expense for 1994 was $44.4 million compared to $19.6 million 
and $3.1 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively.  The effective tax rate 
in 1994 is higher than in 1993 primarily due to the exhaustion of 
certain net operating loss carryforwards in 1994.  The 1993 effective 
tax rate increased compared to 1992 due to the exhaustion of certain 
non-U.S. net operating loss carryforwards as well as Thai withholding 
tax expense connected with the sale of the Company's former Bangkok 
facility.  Fiscal 1992 expense is primarily attributable to amounts 
withheld offshore in relation to patent licensing income earned during 
the year.  In addition, 1992 expense includes amounts related to 
operations in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions.  The annual tax rate is 
expected to rise modestly from 1994 levels as the Company continues to 
exhaust net operating loss carryforwards.

The Semiconductor Industry 

The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid technological 
change and frequent introduction of new technology leading to more 
complex and powerful products.  The result is a cyclical environment 
with short product life, price erosion and high sensitivity to the 
overall business cycle.  In addition, substantial capital and R&D 
investment is required for products and processes.  The Company may 
experience periodic fluctuations in its operating results because of 
industry-wide conditions.  These uncertainties can have a significant 
impact on the Company's operating results.  Accordingly, the Company 
continues to develop target markets, focus on high manufacturing 
utilization, and emphasize high-potential products.

Financial Condition

During the year, cash and cash equivalents increased $120.7 million from 
$277.4 million to $398.1 million.  In addition, marketable investments 
increased from $68.3 million to $89.6 million.  The increase in cash 
during 1994 resulted from substantial improvements in cash provided from 
operations as compared to fiscal 1993. 
     The Company generated $431.7 million positive cash flow from 
operations during 1994 compared to $234.0 million during 1993, 
principally as a result of higher earnings.  Net cash used in investing 
activities was relatively consistent year to year at $295.5 million 
during 1994 and $297.1 million during 1993, primarily for capital 
expenditures for property, plant and equipment and acquisitions of 
marketable investments.  The Company's capital expenditures of $270.7 
million in 1994 were directed towards process improvements and 
modernization of existing plants, which included continued expansion of 
a CMOS fabrication facility in Arlington, Texas, an analog fabrication 
facility in Greenock, Scotland, and a BiCMOS fabrication facility in 
South Portland, Maine, and upgrading of assembly and test facilities in 
Asia. Capital expenditures of $233.9 million in 1993 included expansions 
in Arlington, Texas and Greenock, Scotland as well as upgrading of 
assembly and test facilities in Asia.  The Company expects fiscal 1995 
capital expenditures to be above 1994 levels and directed toward process 
improvements, modernization of existing plants, and continued expansion 
of its Greenock, Scotland and South 

<PAGE>

Portland, Maine facilities.  In addition, the Company has signed a 
letter of intent to repurchase the equity interest in the facility sale 
and leaseback transactions made prior to 1990.
     Cash used by financing activities was $15.5 million in 1994 as the 
Company repaid debt and continued to pay dividends on its convertible 
preferred stock.  Due to the redemption and conversion of its 
convertible exchangeable preferred stock during fiscal 1994, the annual 
amount of preferred dividends paid will decrease.  The Company also 
repurchased 500,000 shares of common stock on the open market for $9.5 
million. The Company is authorized by the Board of Directors to 
repurchase up to 3.5 million shares of common stock at current market 
prices prior to the end of calendar 1994.  The cash outflow was 
partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of common stock under 
employee benefit plans.  During 1993, net financing activities generated 
$202.2 million cash flow, primarily from the issuance of convertible 
preferred stock.
      Management believes that existing cash and investment balances, 
and existing lines of credit,  together with cash provided by 
operations, and cash generated from stock issuances to employees, will 
be sufficient to fund anticipated capital expenditures and other 
investing and financing activities, including common stock repurchases, 
through the foreseeable future.   

<PAGE>

NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION 1994 ANNUAL REPORT
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
(in millions, except share amounts)
                                               May 29,         May 30,
                                                1994             1993 
                                               -------         -------
ASSETS  
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                   $  398.1       $  277.4 
  Short-term marketable investments               68.7           54.4 
  Receivables, net                               289.0          271.5 
  Inventories                                    212.7          189.6 
  Other current assets                            47.9           49.4 
                                               -------         -------
  Total current assets                         1,016.4          842.3 

Property, plant and equipment, net               668.0          577.4 
Long-term marketable investments                  20.9           13.9 
Other assets                                      42.4           42.9 
                                               -------         -------
      Total assets                            $1,747.7       $1,476.5 
                                              ========        ========
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
  Current portion of long-term debt           $   15.6       $   10.6 
  Accounts payable                               213.7          193.2 
  Accrued expenses                               264.6          232.0 
  Income taxes                                    83.5           69.9 
                                               -------         -------
  Total current liabilities                      577.4          505.7 

Long-term debt                                    14.5           37.3 
Deferred income taxes                             18.6           16.9 
Other non-current liabilities                     31.5           79.2 
                                               -------         -------
      Total liabilities                       $  642.0       $  639.1 
                                               -------         -------
Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock of $0.50 par value.
    Authorized 1,000,000 shares.
    Convertible exchangeable preferred stock:
    Issued and outstanding 250,000 shares in
      1993                                          -             0.1
    Convertible preferred stock: 
    Issued and outstanding 345,000 shares in
      1994 and 1993 (liquidation preference 
      of $172.5 million)                           0.2            0.2
  Common stock of $0.50 par value.  Authorized
    200,000,000 shares.  Issued and outstanding
    122,800,095 in 1994; 109,737,830 in 1993      61.4           54.9
  Additional paid-in capital                     912.7          886.6
  Retained earnings (deficit)                    140.9         (104.4)
  Treasury Stock, at cost: 500,000 shares         (9.5)            -  
                                               -------        -------
      Total shareholders' equity               1,105.7          837.4
                                               -------        -------
      Total liabilities and 
      shareholders' equity                    $1,747.7       $1,476.5
                                              ========       ========

==================================
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

<PAGE>

NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION 1994 ANNUAL REPORT
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
(in millions, except per share amounts)

                                                Years Ended
                                      --------------------------------
                                       May 29,     May 30,     May 31,
                                        1994        1993        1992  
                                      --------    --------    --------

Net sales                            $ 2,295.4   $ 2,013.7   $1,717.5 

Operating costs and expenses:
 Cost of sales                         1,336.3     1,298.3    1,182.1
 Research and development                257.8       229.2      208.9
 Selling, general and administrative     411.3       339.2      299.6
 Restructuring of operations              (2.6)         -       149.3
                                       -------     -------    -------
   Total operating costs
     and expenses                      2,002.8     1,866.7    1,839.9
                                       -------     -------    -------
Operating income (loss)                  292.6       147.0     (122.4)
Interest income, net                      10.9         2.9        5.4
                                       -------     -------    -------
Income (loss) before income taxes
  and cumulative effect of accounting
  change                                 303.5       149.9     (117.0)
Income taxes                              44.4        19.6        3.1
                                       -------     -------     -------
Income (loss) before cumulative
  effect of accounting change            259.1       130.3     (120.1)
Cumulative effect of accounting change     4.9          -          -  
                                       -------     -------     -------

   Net income (loss)                  $  264.0    $  130.3    $(120.1)
                                      ========    ========    ========

Earnings (loss) per share before 
  cumulative effect of accounting change: 
    Primary                            $  1.98     $  0.98    $ (1.24)
    Fully diluted                         1.83        0.98      (1.24)
                                       -------     -------     -------
Earnings (loss) per share:
  Primary                              $  2.02     $  0.98    $ (1.24)
  Fully diluted                           1.87        0.98      (1.24)
                                      ========    ========    ========
Weighted average shares:
  Primary                                121.4       115.9      104.6
  Fully diluted                          141.4       115.9      104.6
                                       =======    ========    ======= 
Net income (loss) used in primary 
  earnings per common share calculation
  (reflecting preferred dividends)     $ 245.3     $ 113.2    $(130.1)
                                       =======    ========    ========


=====================================
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

<PAGE>
<TABLE>
NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION 1994 ANNUAL REPORT  
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
<CAPTION>


                                                                                          Additional   Retained       
                                            Convertible                Common   Treasury   Paid-In     Earnings               
(in millions, except per share amounts)	    Exchangeable  Convertible   Stock    Stock     Capital     (Deficit)  Total
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                         <C>           <C>          <C>      <C>       <C>         <C>        <C>       
Balances at May 26, 1991                       $0.1          $ -         $52.0    $ -       $693.7     $ (87.5)  $  658.3     
Net Loss                                         -             -           -        -         -         (120.1)    (120.1)      
Convertible exchangeable preferred stock		      
    dividends of $40.00 per share                -             -           -        -         -          (10.0)     (10.0)        
Issuance of commons stock under option,	
    purchase and award plans                     -             -           1.2      -         10.0         -         11.2          
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at May 31, 1992                         0.1            -          53.2      -        703.7      (217.6)     539.4    
Net Income                                       -             -           -        -         -          130.3      130.3   
Issuance of convertible perfeferred shares       -            0.2          -        -        166.6        -         166.8          
Convertible preferred dividends of
    $32.50 per share                             -             -           -        -         -           (7.1)     (7.1)        
Convertible exchangeable preferred                
    dividends of $40.00 per share                -             -           -        -         -          (10.0)    (10.0)         
Issuance of common stock under option       
    and purchase plans                           -             -           1.7      -         16.3         -        18.0 
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at May 30, 1993                        0.1            0.2         54.9      -        886.6      (104.4)    837.4    
Net Income                                       -             -           -        -         -          264.0     264.0      
Redemption and conversion of convertible 
    exchangeable preferred stock              (0.1)            -           4.1      -         (5.3)        -        (1.3)     
Convertible exchageable preferred 
    dividends of $40.00 per share                -             -           -        -          -          (7.5)     (7.5)       
Convertible preferred dividends
    of $32.50 per share                          -             -           -        -          -         (11.2)     (11.2)
Acquisition of treasury stock                    -             -           -       (9.5)       -           -         (9.5)        
Issuance of common stock under option, 
    purchase, and profit sharing plans           
    and tax benefit of $2.0                      -             -           2.4      -         31.4         -         33.8          
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at May 29, 1994                       $  -          $ 0.2       $ 61.4   $ (9.5)   $ 912.7     $ 140.9   $1,105.7        
==========================================================================================================================
</TABLE>
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

<PAGE>

NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION 1994 ANNUAL REPORT
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in millions)
                                                   Years Ended
                                         ------------------------------
                                         May 29,      May 30,    May 31,
                                          1994         1993       1992
                                         ------       ------     ------
CASH FLOW FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net income (loss)                      $ 264.0      $ 130.3    $(120.1)
Adjustments to reconcile income (loss)
 with net cash provided by operations:
   Depreciation and amortization         173.8        159.8      167.0
   Cumulative effect of accounting
    change                                (4.9)          -          - 
   Non-cash restructuring charges           -            -        35.4
   Loss (gain) on sale of investments     (2.2)         5.2         - 
   Other, net                             (1.8)          -         0.3
   Changes in certain assets and 
    liabilities, net of effects of
    acquisitions and dispositions:
    Receivables                          (16.1)       (77.0)      (7.2)
    Inventories                          (18.5)        18.2      (16.8)
    Other current assets                   1.5        (22.5)      (5.9)
    Accounts payable and accrued
     expenses                             51.3         16.4       80.6 
    Current and deferred income taxes     15.3         12.2       (3.9)
    Other  non-current liabilities       (30.7)        (8.6)       6.6 
                                        ------       ------    -------
Net cash provided by operating 
 activities                              431.7        234.0      136.0
                                        ------       ------     ------

CASH FLOW FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
Purchase of property, plant
 and equipment                          (270.7)      (233.9)    (183.0)
Proceeds from the sale of
 property, plant and equipment              -          15.7        1.2 
Proceeds from the sale and maturity 
  of marketable investments              658.7         42.8         -  
Purchase of marketable investments      (680.0)      (111.1)        -  
Proceeds from sale of investments          7.7          1.0        0.6 
Purchase of investments and other, net    (11.2)       (10.8)      (4.2)
                                        ------       ------     ------
Net cash used by continuing 
 operations                             (295.5)      (296.3)    (185.4)
Discontinued operations:
 Payment of accrued liabilities
  and income taxes related to the 
  sale of ISG                              -           (0.8)      (5.6)
 Payment received on royalty receivable    -             -        13.0 
                                        ------       ------     ------
Net cash used by investing activities   (295.5)      (297.1)    (178.0)
                                        ------       ------     ------
CASH FLOW FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
Proceeds from issuance of debt             1.9         37.3       17.8 
Repayment of debt                        (19.7)       (23.7)     (24.8)
Collateral deposits and restricted cash     -          20.9       (6.4)
Issuance of common stock, net             30.5         18.0       11.2 
Issuance of preferred stock, net
   of issuance costs                        -         166.8         -  
Purchase of treasury stock                (9.5)          -          -  
Payment of preferred dividends           (18.7)       (17.1)     (10.0)
                                        -------      ------     ------
Net cash provided (used) by 
   financing activities                  (15.5)       202.2      (12.2)
                                        -------      ------     ------
Net change in cash and cash equivalents  120.7        139.1      (54.2)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning
   of year                               277.4        138.3      192.5 
                                        ------       ------     ------
Cash and cash equivalents 
   at end of year                       $398.1       $277.4     $138.3 
                                        ======       ======     ======

===============================================
See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

<PAGE>

NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION 1994 ANNUAL REPORT
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Note 1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation

The Consolidated Financial Statements include National Semiconductor 
Corporation and its majority-owned subsidiaries ("National" or the 
"Company").  All significant intercompany transactions are eliminated in 
consolidation.  Investments in which National has less than 20 percent 
ownership are accounted for by the cost method.
      National has a fiscal year which ends on the last Sunday of May.  
Fiscal years 1994 and 1993 were each 52-week years.  The fiscal year 
ended on May 31, 1992 was a 53-week year.

Revenue Recognition

Revenue from the sales of semiconductor products is generally recognized 
when shipped, with a provision for estimated returns and allowances 
recorded at the time of shipment.  Service and other revenues are 
recognized ratably over the contractual period or as the services are 
performed.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of standard cost, which approximates 
actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis, or market.

Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment are recorded at cost.  Depreciation is 
provided using both accelerated and straight-line methods over the 
estimated useful lives of the respective assets, or in the case of 
property under capital lease, over the lesser of the useful life or 
lease term. 

Income Taxes

The income tax provision for 1994 has been determined in accordance with 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for 
Income Taxes" ("FAS 109"), which requires that deferred liabilities or 
assets at the end of each period be determined using the tax rate 
expected to be in effect when the taxes are actually paid or recovered.  
The measurement of deferred tax assets is reduced, if necessary, by a 
valuation allowance. The Company adopted FAS 109 effective the first day 
of fiscal 1994.  The impact of adopting FAS 109 did not have a material 
effect on the consolidated financial statements, and as such no 
cumulative effect is recorded for the accounting method change.
      The income tax provisions for fiscal years 1992 and 1993 were 
determined in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting 
Standards No. 96 "Accounting for Income Taxes".  Accordingly, the 
provision for income taxes for those years included federal, state and 
non-U.S. income taxes currently payable or refundable and deferred 
amounts as a result of temporary differences between the tax bases of 
assets and liabilities and the corresponding amounts reported in the 
financial statements.

Earnings Per Share

Primary earnings per share are computed using the weighted average 
number of common shares and dilutive common stock equivalents 
outstanding using the treasury stock method.  Dilutive common stock 
equivalents include stock options.  Preferred dividends are reflected as 
adjustments to reported net earnings (loss) in the calculation.  Fully 
diluted earnings per common share are computed using the weighted 
average common and dilutive common stock equivalents outstanding, plus 
other dilutive securities outstanding which are not common stock 
equivalents.  Other dilutive shares which are not common stock 
equivalents include the Convertible Exchangeable Preferred Shares and 
the Convertible Preferred Shares.  If the result of these assumed 
conversions is dilutive, the dividend requirements for the Convertible 
Exchangeable Preferred Shares and the Convertible Preferred Shares are 
reduced while the average shares of common stock equivalents outstanding 
are increased.

Currencies

National's functional currency for all operations worldwide is the U.S. 
dollar.  Accordingly, gains and losses from translation to U.S. dollars 
are included in the determination of net income in the period in which 
they occur.  Aggregate net currency losses and the cost of hedging 
through forward exchange and currency option contracts before income 
taxes were $0.5 million, $4.7 million and $9.0 million  in fiscal 1994, 
1993 and 1992, respectively.

<PAGE>

Financial Instruments 

Cash and Cash Equivalents.  Cash equivalents are highly liquid debt 
instruments with a maturity of three months or less at the time of 
purchase. National maintains its cash balances in various currencies and 
a variety of financial instruments.  The Company has not experienced any 
material losses relating to any short-term investment instruments.

Marketable Investments.   Marketable investments consist of commercial 
paper, certificates of deposit, United States and Eurodollar time 
deposits, bankers' acceptances, securities issued by the United States 
Government, Corporate Notes and Bonds, and privately placed debt.  
Investments in time deposits and certificates of deposit are acquired 
from banks having combined capital and surplus of not less than $100 
million.  Investments in commercial paper of industrial firms and 
financial institutions are rated A1, P1 or better. Short term marketable 
investments mature within one year or less.  Marketable investments are 
carried at the lower of cost or market.  As of May 29, 1994, the 
carrying value of marketable investments, which approximates fair value, 
was $89.6 million.  Fair value for marketable investments was based on 
quoted market prices.
      The Company's policy is to diversify the investment portfolio to 
reduce risk to principal from credit, geographic and investment sector 
risk.  At May 29, 1994, investments were placed with a variety of 
different financial institutions or other issuers, and no individual 
non-U.S. government security, financial institution, or issuer exceeded 
10 percent of total investments.  
      In May 1993 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting for 
Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities" ("FAS 115") effective 
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993.  Under FAS 115, debt 
securities that the Company has both the positive intent and ability to 
hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost.  Debt securities that 
the Company does not have the positive intent and ability to hold to 
maturity and all marketable equity securities are classified as 
available-for-sale or trading and carried at fair value.  Unrealized 
holding gains and losses on securities classified as available-for-sale 
are carried as a separate component of shareholders' equity.  Unrealized 
holding gains and losses on securities classified as trading are 
reported in earnings.
      Presently, the Company classifies most debt securities as held-
for-investment and carries them at amortized cost.  Securities held-for-
sale are reported at the lower of cost or market and net unrealized 
losses are reported in earnings.  The Company will prospectively 
implement FAS 115 starting in the first quarter of 1995.  Management 
believes that adoption will not have a material effect on the financial 
position or results of operations of the Company.

Receivables.  The Company sells its products to distributors and 
original equipment manufacturers involved in a variety of industries 
including computers and peripherals, automotive, and telecommunications.  
National performs continuing credit evaluations of its customers and 
although the Company generally does not require collateral,  letters of 
credit may be required from its customers in certain circumstances.  
Historically, the Company has not experienced significant losses related 
to receivables from individual customers or groups of customers in any 
particular industry or geographic area.

Off-Balance-Sheet Instruments. The Company utilizes various instruments, 
primarily forward exchange and currency option contracts, to manage its 
risk associated with currency fluctuations on certain sales commitments, 
anticipated sales commitments, and net non-U.S. dollar denominated asset 
and liability positions.  Gains and losses on these instruments that are 
intended to hedge an identifiable commitment are deferred and included 
in the measurement of the related transaction. The instruments involve 
certain market and interest rate risks that exceed amounts recorded in 
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.  Cash flows from forward 
exchange contracts that are accounted for as hedges of identifiable 
transactions or events are classified in the same category as the cash 
flows from the item being hedged.  Management believes that the 
Company's currency exchange contracts do not subject the Company to 
undue risk as a result of 

<PAGE>

exchange rate movements because gains and losses on these contracts 
should offset gains and losses on the assets, liabilities and 
commitments being hedged.  In the event the counterparties are unable to 
meet the terms of these contracts, the Company's risk is limited to the 
currency rate differential.  However, the Company does not anticipate 
non-performance by the counterparties.  Notional amounts of these 
instruments are often used to express the volume of these contracts.  At 
fiscal year-end, National had outstanding currency exchange contracts 
with net face values of $51.1 million (consisting of $15.1 million in 
forward exchange and $36.0 million in option contracts) compared to 
$57.0 million for the fiscal year ended 1993. The amount to effectively 
close the forward contracts was $16.3 million based on prevailing 
currency exchange and interest rates as of May 29, 1994.  The fair value 
of the currency option contracts was $0.2 million as of May 29, 1994.

Note 2.  Restructuring of Operations 

During fiscal 1994, National released $24.2 million of restructuring 
reserves originally provided in fiscal 1992.  The fiscal 1992 
restructuring related primarily to worldwide consolidations of 
underutilized manufacturing operations, including write downs of certain 
assets, work force reductions, and process transfers.  The release of 
these reserves was attributable to the Company's decision not to 
downsize additional manufacturing facilities, and a larger than 
anticipated gain on the sale of a building housing the Company's former 
manufacturing headquarters in Asia.
      During the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company identified 
restructuring requirements totaling $21.6 million (of which $7.7 million 
is non-cash) not covered by the 1992 reserve.  Included in this amount 
are reserves totaling $10.0 million established for DCI, a wholly owned 
subsidiary of the Company.  The restructure reserve for DCI was 
established specifically for consolidation of the DCI business and 
includes both fixed asset dispositions and reductions in work force to 
bring capacity in line with current and foreseeable business levels.  
The reserve also includes the elimination of one division within CCG, 
the consolidation of certain products, and the decentralization of 
product engineering support functions.  These actions resulted in a $6.8 
million charge, primarily for involuntary severance and personnel 
relocation as well as the write off of licensed technology associated 
with products no longer supported by CCG.  The last major element of 
fiscal 1994 restructuring relates to a decision by the Company to 
discontinue commercial manufacturing in part of the facility located at 
Santa Clara, California.  The attendant reduction in staffing levels and 
asset dispositions required a $4.8 million charge and included further 
eliminations of product testing on the campus.
      The total fiscal 1994 restructuring requirements and release of 
fiscal 1992 reserves result in a net reversal of $2.6 million for fiscal 
1994.  The Company believes reserves are adequate for the planned 
actions which are expected to occur during fiscal 1995.
      During fiscal 1994, the Company utilized $44.2 million of the 
restructuring reserves primarily attributable to the closure of a wafer 
fabrication module in its Salt Lake, Utah facility, and closure of a 
wafer fabrication line in Santa Clara, California.  Both of these 
actions were previously announced.  In addition, the Company completed 
most of the process transfers from its Santa Clara, California facility 
to the Greenock, Scotland fabrication facility and completed the 
transfer of Mil Aero manufacturing to its Singapore facility.  The 
Company continued to reduce headcount and related infrastructure at its 
Santa Clara, California operation.
      During fiscal 1993, the Company continued the restructuring 
activities related to the charges recorded in fiscal 1992 and 1991. The 
Company sold its Bangkok, Thailand facility and also sold the Migdal 
Haemek, Israel facility to a joint venture, in which the Company has 
less than a 20 percent investment.  The Company also continued 
activities related to the closure of a fabrication module at its Salt 
Lake, Utah facility and announced the closure of a fabrication module in 
Santa Clara, California.
      During 1992, the Company recorded a restructuring charge of $149.3 
million which related primarily to worldwide consolidations 

<PAGE>

of underutilized manufacturing operations, including write downs of 
certain assets, work force reductions, and process transfers.  During 
1992, the Company closed its manufacturing facilities in Brazil and Hong 
Kong, ceased discrete wafer fabrication operations in Santa Clara, 
California, began the transfer of certain fabrication processes, and 
reduced portions of its work force in certain locations worldwide.    

Note 3.  Consolidated Balance Sheet Details
(in millions)



                                                1994        1993 
                                               ------      ------
RECEIVABLE ALLOWANCES
Doubtful accounts                            $   3.0     $   3.5
Returns and allowances                          30.8        29.5
                                              ------      ------
Total receivable allowances                  $  33.8     $  33.0
                                              ======      ======
INVENTORIES
Raw materials                                $  17.3     $  24.6
Work in process                                129.4       117.7
Finished goods                                  66.0        47.3
                                             -------      ------
Total inventories                            $ 212.7     $ 189.6
                                             =======      ======
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Land                                         $   8.9     $   8.9
Buildings and improvements                     340.9       317.6
Machinery and equipment                      1,251.4     1,152.1
Construction in progress                       164.4       133.7
                                             -------      ------
Total property, plant and equipment          1,765.6     1,612.3
Less accumulated depreciation and
  amortization                               1,097.6     1,034.9
                                             -------      ------
Property, plant and equipment, net          $  668.0     $ 577.4
                                             =======      ======
ACCRUED EXPENSES
Payroll and employee related                 $ 124.9     $  96.9
Restructuring of operations                     20.8        44.9
Other                                          118.9        90.2
                                             -------      ------
Total accrued expenses                       $ 264.6     $ 232.0
                                             =======      ======

Other non-current liabilities consist principally of accrued 
restructuring expenses and deferred compensation, as well as tax related 
accruals in fiscal 1993.

      Effective beginning fiscal 1994, the Company changed its method of 
accounting to include certain costs in inventory which were previously 
charged directly to cost of sales as incurred.  These costs consist 
primarily of product engineering, quality assurance and reliability, and 
production control and logistics.  The Company believes this change is 
preferable in the circumstances because it more closely matches 
inventory costs with net sales and more closely aligns the Company with 
industry practices.  The cumulative effect of this change on years prior 
to fiscal 1994 of $4.9 million is reflected in the 1994 first quarter 
results.  
    Both the impact of the change in fiscal 1994 and the proforma effect 
on net income for fiscal 1993 under the new method of accounting were 
immaterial.
      In addition, beginning in fiscal 1994, the Company reclassified 
certain period expenses from cost of sales to research and development 
expense or to selling, general and administrative expense.  The amounts 
presented in prior period statements of operations have been 
reclassified to conform with the fiscal 1994 presentation.  For 1993, 
the effect of the reclassification decreased cost of sales by $81.3 
million and increased research and development, and selling, general and 
administrative expenses by $26.9 million and $54.4 million, 
respectively.  For 1992, the effect of the reclassification decreased 
cost of sales by $65.4 million and increased research and development, 
and selling, general and administrative expenses by $16.8 million and 
$48.6 million, respectively.  Net income was not impacted in any period 
by the reclassifications.

Note 4.  Debt Financing

Debt consists of the following:  

(in millions)                              1994        1993  
                                          ------      -------
Installment and other notes at
  6.5%-9.8%                              $  5.9       $  9.7 
Mortgage payable at 8.9%                    7.1         11.4 
Note payable at 4.2%                        6.4         13.0 
Note payable at 8.75%                       6.2          7.9 
Obligations under capital leases            4.5          5.9 
                                        -------       -------
Total loans payable                        30.1         47.9 
Current portion of long-term debt         (15.6)       (10.6)
                                        -------       -------
Long-term debt                          $  14.5      $  37.3 
                                        =======       =======
<PAGE>

      Installment and other notes consist primarily of obligations of 
certain non-U.S. subsidiaries and are generally unsecured.  At May 29, 
1994, the fair value of debt approximates carrying value.  Fair value 
was determined based on the nature of the instruments and current 
prevailing interest rates for borrowings.
      The mortgage payable at 8.9% is payable in monthly installments 
through 1996 and is secured by machinery and equipment.  The note 
payable at 4.2% is a variable interest loan at the U.S. dollar Singapore 
Interbank Offer Rate plus 0.75% and is due in quarterly installments 
through 1999.  The 8.75% note is payable in quarterly installments of 
principal and interest through 1997 and is secured by certain machinery 
and equipment.
      For each of the next five years and thereafter, debt and capital 
lease obligations are as follows:

                                       Total Debt  
(in millions)                       (Principal only)
                                    ----------------
1995                                           $15.1
1996                                            11.8
1997                                             2.8
1998                                              .3
1999                                              .1
Thereafter                                        -
                                    ----------------
Total                                          $30.1
                                    ================

      The Company's multicurrency and revolving financing agreements 
make funds available in the form of multicurrency loans, letters of 
credit and standby letters of credit in favor of National.  The 
multicurrency loan agreement ($20 million) and the revolving credit 
agreement which includes letters of credit and standby letters of credit 
($75 million) expire in December 1994.  The Company does not anticipate 
any problems in renewing the agreements.  At May 29, 1994,  $58.2 
million of the combined total commitment was utilized, primarily to 
support letters of credit.   
      These agreements contain restrictive covenants, conditions and 
default provisions which, among others, require the maintenance of 
financial ratios and certain levels of tangible net worth.  At May 29, 
1994, under the most restrictive covenant,  no more than $92.2 million 
was available for payment of dividends on the Company's common stock.

Note 5.  Interest

(in millions)                   1994       1993       1992 
                               ------     ------     ------
Interest income                $14.2       $7.3       $8.8 
Interest expense                (3.3)      (4.4)      (3.4)
                              -------    -------    -------
Interest, net                  $10.9       $2.9       $5.4 
                              =======    =======    =======



Note 6.  Income Taxes

Worldwide pretax earnings (loss) from operations and income taxes 
(benefit) consisted of the following:

(in millions)                      1994       1993       1992 
                                  ------     ------     ------
Income (loss) before
  income taxes:
U.S.                             $264.9     $ 58.6    $(121.9)
Non-U.S.                           38.6       91.3        4.9 
                                -------    -------    ------- 
                                 $303.5     $149.9    $(117.0)
                                =======    =======    =======
Income taxes (benefit):
  Current:  
    U.S. Federal                 $ 26.9     $  1.4    $    -  
    U.S. state and local            6.4        2.6         -  
    Non-U.S.                        5.6       12.1        3.4 
                                -------    -------    ------- 
                                   38.9       16.1        3.4 
  Deferred:
    Non-U.S.                        3.5        3.5       (0.3)

Charge in lieu of taxes
  attributable to employee
  stock plans                       2.0         -          - 
                                -------    -------    -------
                                 $ 44.4     $ 19.6    $   3.1 
                                =======    =======    =======
<PAGE>

The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to significant 
portions of the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities at May 
29, 1994 are presented below (in millions):

Deferred Tax Assets:
Reserves and Accruals                                     $  80.5
Inventory capitalization and reserves                        19.0
Capitalized assets and other assets                          14.5
Loss carryovers and other allowances - foreign               74.8
General business credit carryovers - Federal                 47.1
Foreign tax and AMT credit carryovers                         6.8
Capitalized R&D - state                                       7.6
                                                          -------
   Total gross deferred assets                              250.3
   Less valuation allowance                                (248.6)
                                                          -------
   Net deferred assets                                    $   1.7

Deferred tax liabilities:

Capital allowance - foreign                               $ (19.4)
Other liabilities                                            (0.9)
                                                          -------
   Total gross deferred liabilities                         (20.3)
                                                          -------
   Net deferred tax liabilities                           $ (18.6)
                                                          =======

The valuation allowance at May 29, 1994 represented a decrease of $73.5 
million from the balance of $322.1 million at May 31, 1993.  Of the 
total valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, approximately $38 
million of subsequently recognized tax benefits attributable to employee 
stock option exercises will be allocated to additional paid-in capital 
rather than to income tax benefit.
      For fiscal years 1993 and 1992, deferred income taxes arise from 
temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities 
and their reported amounts in the financial statements.  The deferred 
tax expense (benefit) reflected for those years is attributable 
primarily to depreciation, accruals and allowances.
      The reconciliation between the amount computed by applying the 
U.S. Federal statutory rate and the reported worldwide tax expense 
follows:

(in millions)                       1994       1993       1992
                                  -------    -------    -------
U.S. Federal statutory tax rate      35%        34%        34%
Income tax expense (benefit) at 
Federal statutory rate           $106.2       $51.0     $(39.8)
Unutilized non-U.S. losses
  and tax differential
  related to non-U.S. income        8.8         1.5        5.4 
U.S. state and local taxes net
  of federal benefits               4.2         2.6         -  
Change in beginning of year
  valuation allowance             (76.0)         -          -  
(Utilized) unutilized U.S. 
  operating losses under FAS 96      -        (41.3)      37.0 
Sale of Bangkok facility             -          3.9         -  
Other                               1.2         1.9        0.5 
                                -------     -------    ------- 
Reported income tax expense       $44.4       $19.6       $3.1 
                                =======     =======    =======

      The temporary difference relating to the unremitted earnings of 
non-U.S. subsidiaries for which a deferred tax liability has not been 
recognized approximates $408.9 million at May 29, 1994.  The additional 
taxes which may become due if those earnings were to be remitted to the 
U.S. are estimated to be $58.6 million after utilization of U.S. tax 
credits.  However, it is management's intent that these earnings remain 
re-invested indefinitely.
      At May 29, 1994, National had credit carryforwards of 
approximately $53.9 million for tax return purposes which expire from 
1996 through 2008.  National also had operating loss carryforwards in 
certain non-U.S. jurisdictions.
      The U.S. Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") examinations of 
National's U.S. Federal income tax returns for fiscal years 1976-1982 
resulted in the issuance of deficiency notices during fiscals 1989 and 
1990 seeking additional taxes amounting to approximately $76 million 
(exclusive of interest).  National filed petitions with the United 
States Tax Court contesting the deficiency notices and 

<PAGE>

the cases were consolidated for trial.  National and the IRS 
subsequently settled all issues for fiscal years 1976 through 1982 
except for intercompany product transfer prices.  This settlement 
reduced the additional taxes being sought to approximately $52 million 
(exclusive of interest).  Trial in the case was held in February 1993 
and an opinion was issued by the U.S. Tax Court in May 1994.  The 
opinion found that adjustments to income of $40.6 million were due, 
which the Company estimates, after giving effect to loss and credit 
carrybacks, will result in a tax deficiency of approximately $5 million 
plus associated interest of between $35 million and $45 million.  The 
IRS motion for reconsideration of the opinion, which sought an 
additional $31 million in income tax adjustments, was denied by the 
court in June 1994.  A formal decision implementing the opinion will be 
entered by the Tax Court following completion of final computations and 
the decision will be subject to appeal by either the Company or the IRS.
      In January 1994, the Company and the IRS settled all issues for 
fiscal years 1983 through 1985, including issues relating to 
intercompany product transfer pricing, without the payment of additional 
Federal tax.  This result will be affected by certain net operating loss 
carryovers and credits, which will not be determined until a final 
decision is entered in the Tax Court litigation.  The Company's tax 
returns for fiscal years 1986 through 1989 are still under examination 
by the IRS.  The Company believes that adequate tax payments have been 
made and accruals recorded for all years and that the Tax Court opinion 
will not have a material adverse effect of the Company's financial 
condition or results of operations.

Note 7.  Shareholders' Equity

Each outstanding share of the Company's common stock carries a stock 
purchase right ("Right") issued pursuant to a dividend distribution 
declared on August 5, 1988.  When exercisable, each Right entitles the 
registered holder to purchase one one-thousandth of a share of the 
Company's Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock at a price of 
$60.00 per one thousandth share, subject to adjustment.  The Rights are 
attached to all outstanding shares of common stock and no separate 
Rights certificates have been distributed.
      The Rights will become exercisable and will detach from the common 
stock in the event any individual or group acquires 20 percent or more 
of the Company's common stock, or announces a tender or exchange offer 
which, if consummated, would result in that person or group owning at 
least 20 percent of the Company's common stock.  If such person or group 
actually acquires 30 percent or more of the Company's common stock 
(except pursuant to certain cash tender offers for all of the Company's 
common stock), each Right will entitle the holder to purchase, at the 
Right's then current exercise prices, the Company's common stock in an 
amount having a market value equal to twice the exercise price.  
Similarly, if after the Rights become exercisable, the Company merges or 
consolidates with or sells 50 percent or more of its assets or earning 
power to another person, each Right will then entitle the holder to 
purchase, at the Right's then current exercise price, the stock of the 
acquiring company in an amount having a market value equal to twice the 
exercise price.
      The Company may redeem the Rights at $0.01 per Right at any time 
prior to acquisition by a person or group of 20 percent or more of the 
Company's outstanding common stock.  The Rights will expire August 8, 
1998, unless earlier redeemed.
      In March 1994, National called for redemption in April 1994 of all 
of the issued and outstanding shares of the $40.00 Convertible 
Exchangeable Preferred Shares, $0.50 par value (the "Exchangeable 
Preferred Shares.")  In connection with the redemption, 

<PAGE>

a conversion privilege offered by National to holders of the 
Exchangeable Preferred Shares expired on the redemption date.  
Essentially all Exchangeable Preferred Shares were converted by the 
holders into the Company's common stock at the rate of 33 shares of 
common stock for each Exchangeable Preferred Share.  All remaining 
shares were redeemed and the Company issued shares of common stock that 
would have been issued to the holders of the Exchangeable Preferred 
Shares had they elected to convert, in accordance with standby 
arrangements entered into by the Company.  After the redemption and 
conversion were complete, a total of 8,250,000 shares of common stock 
had been issued.
      At May 29, 1994, National had 345,000 shares of $32.50 Convertible 
Preferred Shares, $0.50 par value (the "Convertible Preferred Shares") 
issued and outstanding.  The Convertible Preferred Shares were issued in 
October 1992.  The liquidation preference of each Convertible Preferred 
Share is $500 plus unpaid dividends.  The Convertible Preferred Shares 
are convertible at any time at the option of the holder into common 
stock at the rate of 35.273 shares of common stock for each Convertible 
Preferred Share.  On or after November 1, 1995, and if the closing price 
of the Company's common stock on the New York Stock Exchange exceeds 
$17.72 for twenty trading days within any period of thirty consecutive 
trading days, the Convertible Preferred Shares are redeemable, in whole 
or in part, at the option of the Company for the number of shares of 
common stock as are issuable at a conversion rate of 35.273 shares of 
common stock for each Convertible Preferred Share.  The Convertible 
Preferred Shares are not entitled to the benefit of any sinking fund.  
Dividends on the Convertible Preferred Shares at an annual rate of 
$32.50 per share are cumulative and payable quarterly in arrears, when 
and as declared by the Company's Board of Directors.  Holders of 
Convertible Preferred Shares are entitled to limited voting rights.
      The Company is authorized by the Board of Directors to repurchase 
up to 3.5 million shares of the Company's common stock at current market 
prices prior to the end of calendar 1994.  During May 1994, National 
purchased 500,000 shares on the open market at a cost of $9.5 million.  
The shares purchased by the Company are being held as treasury stock.
      National has paid no cash dividends on its common stock and 
intends to continue its practice of reinvesting all earnings except 
those required for preferred stock dividends.

Note 8.  Stock Option and Purchase Plans

National has a stock option plan under which officers and key employees 
may be granted nonqualified or incentive stock options to purchase up to 
27,754,929 shares of the Company's common stock. Generally, the terms of 
this plan provide that options are granted at the market price on the 
date of grant and expire up to a maximum of 10 years and one day after 
grant or 3 months after termination of employment (up to 5 years after 
termination due to death, disability, or retirement), whichever occurs 
first.  Options generally become exercisable ratably over a four-year 
period.
      National also has an employee stock purchase plan which authorizes 
the granting of options and the issuance of up to 14,950,000 shares of 
common stock in annual or more frequent offerings to eligible employees 
in amounts related to their basic annual compensation.  From the date of 
grant, the options become exercisable after 13 months and expire after 
27 months.  The option price is determined by the Stock Option and 
Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors but may not be less 
than 100 percent of the market value on the date of grant or 85 percent 
of the market value on the date of exercise, whichever is lower.

<PAGE>
      Changes in options outstanding under the stock option and purchase 
plans during fiscal 1993 and 1994 were as follows:

                                     Number        Price
                                   of shares        per
                                 (in millions)     share
                                 -------------   ----------------
Outstanding May 31, 1992              16.4       $3.75 to $14.75
Granted                                2.9       $9.00 to $13.75
Exercised                             (3.4)      $3.75 to $11.50
Cancelled                             (0.7)      $3.75 to $14.75
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding May 30, 1993              15.2       $3.75 to $14.75
Granted                                3.3      $15.00 to $20.50
Exercised                             (4.7)      $3.75 to $14.75
Cancelled                             (0.6)      $3.75 to $20.50
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------
Outstanding at May 29, 1994           13.2       $3.75 to $20.50
Exercisable at May 29, 1994            5.1       $3.75 to $14.75
===================================================================

Expiration dates:  From August 1, 1994 to April 20, 2004
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------

Under the stock option and purchase plans, 2.5 million shares of common 
stock were issued during fiscal 1992.  As of May 29, 1994, 18.7 million 
shares were reserved for issuance under the stock option and purchase 
plans, including shares available for future option grants.

Note 9.  Other Stock Plans

National had a director stock plan approved by stockholders in fiscal 
1993.  The director stock plan authorized the issuance of up to 200,000 
shares of the Company's common stock to eligible non-employee directors 
of the Company.  The common stock was issued automatically to eligible 
directors upon approval of the director stock plan by the stockholders 
and is issued automatically thereafter to eligible new directors upon 
their appointment to the Board and to all eligible directors on the 
subsequent election to the Board by stockholders.  As of May 29, 1994, 
15,000 shares had been issued under the director stock plan and 185,000 
shares were reserved for future issuances.
      National has a performance award plan approved by stockholders in 
fiscal 1993 which authorizes the issuance of up to 1.0 million shares of 
the Company's common stock as full or partial payment of awards to plan 
participants based on performance units and the achievement of certain 
specific performance goals during a performance plan cycle.  Performance 
plan cycles are three to five years depending on specific performance 
measurements, and the earliest a payout can occur is the third year of a 
performance plan cycle.  Plan participants currently consist of a 
limited group of senior executives.  No shares were issued under the 
performance award plan during fiscal 1993 or 1994.  The first payout, if 
any, under the plan would occur in fiscal 1996, and expense recorded in 
fiscal 1993 and 1994 under the plan was not material.

Note 10.  Benefit Plans

National's Retirement and Savings Program for U.S. employees consists of 
two plans as follows:
      The profit sharing plan in fiscal 1993 and 1994 required company 
contributions of the greater of five percent of consolidated net 
earnings before income taxes or one percent of payroll (as defined by 
the plan).  In fiscal 1992, the plan required contributions of five 
percent of consolidated net earnings before income taxes.  As the 
Company was not profitable in 1992, there was no plan expense during 
that year.  Beginning in fiscal 1993, contributions are invested 25 
percent in National's common stock and 75 percent in cash.  Total shares 
contributed under the profit sharing plan during fiscal 1994 were 
122,822.  As of May 29, 1994, 2.1 million shares of common stock were 
reserved for future company contributions.
      The salary deferral "401(k)" plan allows employees to defer up to 
15 percent of their salaries, subject to certain limitations, with 
partially matching company contributions.  Contributions are invested in 
one or more of five investment funds at the discretion of the employee.  
One of the investment funds is a Company stock fund where contributions 
are invested in Company common stock.  Although 5.0 million shares of 
common stock are reserved for issuance to the stock fund, shares 
purchased to date with contributions have been purchased on the open 
market and the Company has not issued any stock directly to the stock 
fund.

<PAGE>

      The benefit restoration plan adopted in fiscal 1993 allows certain 
highly compensated employees to receive a higher profit sharing plan 
allocation than would otherwise be permitted under IRS regulations and 
defer greater percentages of compensation than would otherwise be 
permitted under the salary deferral "401(k)" plan and IRS regulations.  
The benefit restoration plan is a nonqualified and unfunded plan of 
deferred compensation and the Company credits accounts maintained under 
it with interest earnings each quarter.
      Certain non-U.S. subsidiaries have varying types of defined 
benefit pension and retirement plans that are consistent with local 
statutes and practices.  The annual expense for all plans was as 
follows:

(in millions)                   1994       1993       1992
                               ------     ------     ------
Profit Sharing Plan             $15.9      $7.9         -  
- - -----------------------------------------------------------
Salary deferral "401(k)" plan   $ 8.3      $4.1       $1.6 
- - -----------------------------------------------------------
Non-U.S. pension and
  retirement plans              $ 4.7      $5.4       $4.9 
===========================================================

Effective beginning fiscal 1994, the Company prospectively adopted 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employer's 
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits other than Pensions" ("FAS 106").  
The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company's financial 
statements.

In November 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued 
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employer's 
Accounting for Postemployment Benefits" ("FAS 112"), effective for 
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 1993.  Under FAS 112, 
postemployment benefits, primarily salary continuation and insurance 
continuation, are accrued at the time the benefit is earned by the 
employee.  The Company will implement FAS 112 starting in the first 
quarter of fiscal 1995.  Management believes that adopting FAS 112 will 
not have a material impact on the Company's financial statements or 
results of operations.

Note 11.  Commitments and Contingencies

Commitments.  The Company leases certain facilities and equipment under 
operating lease arrangements which expire at various dates through 2009.  
Rental expenses under operating leases were $48.9 million, $58.9 
million, and $65.6 million in 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively.

Minimum commitments under noncancelable operating leases are as follows:


                                          (in millions)
                                          -------------
1995                                             $ 32.4
1996                                               28.3
1997                                               23.1
1998                                               19.5
1999                                               17.4
Thereafter                                        125.2
                                                 ------
Total                                            $245.9
                                                 ======

Certain of the above lease arrangements relate to the facility sale and 
leaseback transactions made prior to 1990.  Total commitments under 
these lease arrangements are $156.9 million as of May 29, 1994.  These 
arrangements also require collateral in the form of standby letters of 
credit of approximately $41.8 million as of May 29, 1994.  The Company 
has entered into a letter of intent to repurchase the equity interest in 
the facility sale and leaseback transactions which will result in the 
partial elimination of these commitments.  In connection with the joint 
venture established from the sale of the Migdal Haemek, Israel facility 
(discussed in Note 2), National has commitments to purchase fabricated 
wafers from the joint venture at competitive market prices over the next 
two years.  As of May 29, 1994, these commitments total $29.1 million 
and $15.1 million for fiscal years 1995 and 1996, respectively, based on 
existing negotiated prices.

Contingencies -- Legal Proceedings

In April 1988, the Company received a notice from the District Director 
of U.S. Customs in San Francisco alleging underpayment of duties of 
approximately $19.5 million for the period June 1, 1979 to March 1, 1985 
on merchandise imported from the Company's non-

<PAGE>

U.S. subsidiaries.  The Company filed an administrative appeal in 
September 1988.  On May 23, 1991, the District Director revised his 
action and issued a Notice of Penalty Claim and Demand for Restoration 
of Duties, alleging underpayment of duties of approximately $6.9 million 
for the same period and the alleged underpayment was reduced in a 
similar action in April 22, 1994 to approximately $3.6 million.  The 
revised alleged underpayment could be subject to penalties that may be 
computed as a multiple of such underpayment.  The Company filed an 
administrative petition for relief in October 1991 and the Company is 
continuing to contest the Penalty Notice in administrative proceedings.  
The Company believes that the ultimate resolution of this matter will 
not have a material financial impact on the Company or the results of 
operations.
      The Company has been named to the National Priorities List 
("Superfund") for its Santa Clara, California site and has completed a 
Remedial Investigation/Feasibility Study with the Regional Water Quality 
Control Board ("RWQCB"), acting as an agent for the Federal 
Environmental Protection Agency.  The Company has agreed in principle 
with the RWQCB to a site remediation plan.  Management believes that the 
potential liability, if any, in excess of amounts already accrued for 
the site remediation will not have a material effect on the Company's 
financial position.
      In addition to the Santa Clara site, the Company has been 
designated as a potentially responsible party ("PRP") by federal and 
state agencies with respect to certain waste sites with which the 
Company may have had direct or indirect involvement.  Such designations 
are made regardless of the extent of the Company's involvement.  The 
Company has also been cited for alleged deficiencies in its record 
keeping for and handling, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous 
products and wastes.  These claims are in various stages of 
administrative or judicial proceedings and include demands for recovery 
of past governmental costs and for future investigations and remedial 
actions.  In many cases, the dollar amounts of the claims have not been 
specified, and with respect to the PRP claims, have been asserted 
against a number of other entities for the same cost recovery or other 
relief as was asserted against the Company.  The Company accrues costs 
associated with environmental matters when they become probable and 
reasonably estimable.  The amount of all environmental charges to 
earnings, including charges relating to the Santa Clara site 
remediation, which did not include potential reimbursements from 
insurance coverage, were not material during fiscal years 1994, 1993, 
and 1992.  The Company believes that the potential liability, if any, in 
excess of amounts already charged to earnings will not have a material 
effect on the Company's financial position.
      On December 2, 1992, Hughes Aircraft Company ("Hughes") filed a 
patent infringement suit in Federal court against the Company seeking 
unspecified amounts of damages and costs, which was served on the 
Company on January 7, 1993.  The Company has filed a counter claim 
against Hughes' parent, General Motors Corporation, also alleging patent 
infringement.  The Company believes the claims made by Hughes are 
without merit and that the ultimate resolution of this matter will not 
have a material financial impact on the Company's financial position.
      The Company is engaged in tax litigation with the IRS and the 
Company's tax returns are under examination by the IRS (see Note 6).  In 
addition to the foregoing, National is a party to other suits and claims 
which arise in the normal course of business.  National believes any 
liability resulting from those matters would be immaterial to the 
Company's financial position.


Note 12.  Industry and Geographic Segment Information

The Company is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and 
marketing of a wide variety of semiconductor products including analog 
integrated circuits, digital integrated circuits, mixed analog and 
digital circuits, microcontrollers, hybrid circuits, subsystems, 
electronic packaging, and miscellaneous services and supplies for the 
semiconductor industry and original equipment manufacturers.  National 
operates in three main geographic areas.  In the informa-

<PAGE>

tion that follows, sales include local sales and exports made by 
operations within each area.  Total sales by geographic area include 
sales to unaffiliated customers and intergeographic transfers, which are 
based on standard cost.  To control costs, a substantial portion of 
National's products are transported between the U.S., Asia, and Europe 
in the process of being manufactured and sold.  Sales to unaffiliated 
customers have little correlation with the location of manufacture.  It 
is, therefore, not meaningful to present operating profit by geographic 
area.  
      National conducts a substantial portion of its operations outside 
of the U.S. and is subject to hazards associated with non-U.S. 
operations, such as political risks, currency controls and fluctuations, 
tariffs, import controls, air transportation disruptions and employee 
relations.  

                                                      Elim &     Consol-
(in millions)           Americas  Europe     Asia     Corporate   idated
                        --------  -------  --------  ----------  -------
1994
Sales to unaffiliated
  customers            $1,010.4   $496.7  $  788.3 $      -    $2,295.4
Transfers between
geographic areas          493.3    153.7     631.4  (1,278.4)        - 
                       --------   ------    ------   -------    -------
Total sales            $1,503.7   $650.4  $1,419.7 $(1,278.4)  $2,295.4
                       --------   ------    ------    ------   --------
Total assets           $  656.7   $218.9  $  558.5 $   313.6   $1,747.7
                       ========   ======   =======   =======   ========
1993
Sales to unaffiliated
  customers            $  939.5   $413.2  $  661.0 $      -    $2,013.7
Transfers between
  geographic areas        415.6    120.0     558.1  (1,093.7)       -  
                       --------   ------    ------  --------   --------
Total sales            $1,355.1   $533.2  $1,219.1 $(1,093.7)  $2,013.7
                       --------   ------    ------  --------   --------
Total assets           $  539.7   $222.7  $  436.6 $   277.5   $1,476.5
                       ========   ======   =======   =======   ========
1992
Sales to unaffiliated
  customers            $  831.7   $373.4    $512.4   $    -    $1,717.5
Transfers between
geographic areas          360.1     99.8     485.9    (945.8)        - 
                       --------   ------    ------   -------   --------
Total sales            $1,191.8   $473.2    $998.3   $(945.8)  $1,717.5
                       --------   ------    ------   -------   --------
Total assets           $  387.3   $177.3    $385.8   $ 198.5   $1,148.9
                       ========   ======   =======   =======   ========


Note 13.  Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information and Noncash 
Investing and Financing Activities

(in millions)                          1994       1993       1992
                                    -------    -------    -------
Cash paid for:
           Interest expense           $ 3.3       $4.5       $3.6
           Interest payment
             on tax settlements       $18.6       $ -        $ - 
           Income taxes               $27.8       $4.9       $7.1
Noncash items:
  Issuance of stock for employee
    benefit plans                     $ 2.0       $ -        $ - 

The Company recorded capital lease obligations of $1.2 million and $6.4 
million during 1993 and 1992 respectively, related to the acquisition of 
machinery and equipment.  Noncash financing activities in fiscal 1993 
included the relief of debt of $12.3 million on the sale of the Migdal 
Haemek, Israel facility.

<PAGE>

Note 14.  Financial Information by Quarter (Unaudited)

The following table presents the quarterly information for fiscal 1994 
and 1993:

                               First      Second     Third     Fourth
(in millions, except per)     Quarter     Quarter   Quarter    Quarter
  share amounts)
1994
Net Sales                      $558.9      $582.4    $544.7     $609.4 
Gross Margin                   $228.3      $243.5    $228.4     $258.9 
Net income                     $ 57.1      $ 60.7    $ 63.8     $ 82.4 
                               ======      ======    ======     ======
Primary earnings per common share
  before cumulative effect 
  of accounting change          $0.39       $0.46     $0.48      $0.63 
Cumulative effect of
  accounting change              0.04         -         -          -   
Primary earnings                -----       -----     -----      -----
  per common share              $0.43       $0.46     $0.48      $0.63
Weighted average common and    ======      ======    ======     ======
  common equivalent shares
  outstanding                   119.5       120.1     120.8      126.0 
                               ======      ======    ======      =====
Fully diluted earnings per share
  before cumulative effect 
  of accounting change          $0.37       $0.43     $0.45      $0.58 
Cumulative effect of
  accounting change              0.04         -         -          -   
Fully diluted earnings          -----       -----     -----      -----
  per common share              $0.41       $0.43     $0.45      $0.58
                                =====       =====     =====      =====
Weighted average fully
  diluted shares                140.4       140.6     141.7      143.0
                                =====       =====     =====      =====

Common stock price - high      $19.50      $21.75    $21.88     $25.00 
Common stock price - low       $14.38      $15.00    $14.38     $16.75 
                                =====       =====     =====      =====
1993
Net Sales                      $472.4      $491.9    $491.5     $557.9 
Gross Margin                   $164.7      $167.2    $173.8     $209.7 
Net income                     $ 21.9      $ 35.3    $ 26.9     $ 46.2 
Primary earnings per common    ======      ======    ======     ======
  share:                       $ 0.17      $ 0.27    $ 0.19     $ 0.35 
                                =====       =====     =====      =====
Weighted average common and
  common equivalent shares
  outstanding                   114.8       116.0     115.6      117.6 
                                =====       =====     =====      =====
Fully diluted earnings per
  share                        $ 0.17      $ 0.27    $ 0.19     $ 0.33
Weighted average fully diluted   ====        ====      ====       ====
  shares                        114.8       116.0     115.6      138.6
                                =====       =====     =====      =====
Common stock price - high      $11.75      $14.13    $13.63     $15.00 
Common stock price - low        $8.50       $9.88    $10.13     $10.63 
                               ======      ======    ======     ======
<PAGE>

Fiscal 1994 results of operations include patent licensing income of 
$15.9 million, of which $1.4 million, $0.7 million, $5.3 million, and 
$8.5 million were included in the first, second, third and fourth 
quarters, respectively.  Fiscal 1994 results of operations also include 
centralization costs for the sales distribution facilities of $10.1 
million, primarily recorded in the first and second quarters.  In 
addition, included in the second quarter was a $2.2 million gain on the 
sale of a minority investment, and included in the fourth quarter was a 
$2.6 million favorable restructuring adjustment (see Note 2).

Fiscal 1993 results of operations include patent licensing income of 
$43.7 million, of which $31.7 million, $8.3 million, and $3.7 million 
were included in the second, third and fourth quarters, respectively.  
Fiscal 1993 results of operations also include centralization costs for 
the sales distribution facilities of $10.1 million, primarily recorded 
in the second quarter.  Fiscal 1993 results of operations include $11.9 
million of legal fees incurred on the tax case (see Note 6), of which 
$1.5 million, $4.5 million, $3.2 million, and $2.7 million were incurred 
in the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively.  Also 
included in the third quarter of fiscal 1993 was a $4.7 million write 
down of a minority investment.
      Preferred dividends are reflected as adjustments to reported 
earnings in the calculation of primary earnings per share.
      The Company's common stock is traded on the New York Stock 
Exchange and the Pacific Stock Exchange.  The quoted market prices are 
as reported on the New York Stock Exchange Composite Tape.  At May 29, 
1994, there were approximately 13,073 holders of the Company's common 
stock.

<PAGE>

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
National Semiconductor Corporation

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of National 
Semiconductor Corporation and subsidiaries as of May 29, 1994 and May 
30, 1993, and the related consolidated statements of operations, 
shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-
year period ended May 29,1994.  These consolidated financial statements 
are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility 
is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements 
based on our audits.
      We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial 
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes 
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and 
disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes 
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made 
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement 
presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for 
our opinion.
      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to 
above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position 
of National Semiconductor Corporation and subsidiaries as of May 29, 
1994 and May 30, 1993, and the results of their operations and their 
cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended May 29, 
1994 in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
      As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, 
the Company changed its method of accounting for certain costs in 
inventory in 1994.


                                                      KPMG PEAT MARWICK


San Jose, California
June 10, 1994

<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT

DIRECTORS

Peter J. Sprague
Chairman of the Board 
of the Company and 
Private Financier

Gilbert F. Amelio
President and Chief 
Executive Officer 
of the Company

Gary P. Arnold*
President, Chairman,
Chief Executive Officer, 
Analogy, Inc.

Robert Beshar*
Attorney in private 
practice

Modesto A. Maidique
President, Florida
International University

J. Tracy O'Rourke
Chairman and Chief 
Executive Officer, 
Varian Associates, Inc.

Charles E. Sporck
Formerly President 
and Chief Executive 
Officer of the Company

Donald E. Weeden*
Chief Executive, 
Weeden & Co.

*Member of the 
Audit Committee

OFFICERS

Gilbert F. Amelio
President and Chief 
Executive Officer

Richard M. Beyer
President, 
Communications and 
Computing Group

Patrick J. Brockett
President, 
International 
Business Group

Charles P. Carinalli
Senior Vice 
President and Chief 
Technical Officer

John M. Clark III
Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and 
Secretary

Robert G. MacLean
Vice President, 
Human Resources

Donald Macleod
Senior Vice President,
Finance and Chief 
Financial Officer

R. Thomas Odell
President, 
Standard Products 
Group

Edgar R. Parker
Senior Vice 
President, Quality 
and Reliability

Kirk P. Pond
Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating
Officer

Richard L. Sanquini
Senior Vice President, 
Intellectual Property 
Protection and Business 
Development

George M. Scalise
Senior Vice 
President and Chief 
Administrative 
Officer

David S. Dahmen
Treasurer

Robert B. Mahoney
Controller

John G. Webb
Vice President, Taxes

TRANSFER AGENT AND 
REGISTRAR
The First National 
Bank of Boston
P.O. Box 644
Boston, 
Massachusetts  
02102


INDEPENDENT 
AUDITORS
KPMG Peat Marwick

<PAGE>

      WORLDWIDE OPERATIONS

      Headquarters
      National Semiconductor Corporation
      2900 Semiconductor Drive
      P.O. Box 58090
      Santa Clara, California  95052-8090
      Telephone (408) 721-5000

      Manufacturing Facilities 
      Santa Clara, California;  South Portland, Maine; Murrysville, 
      Pennsylvania; Arlington,
      Texas; West Jordan, Utah; Malacca, Malaysia; Penang, Malaysia; 
      Cebu, Philippines;
      Greenock, Scotland; Singapore 


      SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Common Stock Data 
The Company's common stock is traded on the New York Stock 
Exchange and the Pacific Stock Exchange.

Annual Meeting of Shareholders
The annual meeting will be held on or about September 30, 1994.  A 
notice of the meeting,  together with a form of proxy and a proxy 
statement, will be mailed to shareholders on or about August 15, 1994, 
at which time proxies will be solicited by the Board of Directors.


FORM 10-K
If you would like to receive a free copy of the Company's "Form 10-K", 
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, please send your 
request to:
Investor Relations
Mailstop 10-397
National Semiconductor Corporation
P.O. Box 58090
Santa Clara, California  95052-8090
Telephone (408) 721-5800  Fax (408) 721-7254

<PAGE>

                                               Appendix to Exhibit 13.0

Narrative description of graphic and image material for items appearing		
in Exhibit 13.0 as required by Regulation S-T.

Net Sales per Employee bar graph is located in the Management Discussion
and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition.  The bar 		
graph shows the net sales per employee in dollars in thousands for the fiscal 
years ended 1994, 1993, and 1992.  The net sales per employee for the years		
above are $63.1, $86.1, and $102.9, respectively.

Gross Margin as a percent of sales bar graph is located in the Management	
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
The bar graph duplicates information contained in the Management Discussion	
and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition narrative.	

Operating Costs and Expenses stacked bar graph is located in the Management	
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
The bar graph duplicates selling, general and administrative and research
and development as a percent of sales contained in the Management Discussion
and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition narrative.
The cost of sales as a percent of sales for the three fiscal years ended
1994, 1993, and 1992 are 68.8%, 64.5%, and 58.2%, respectively.

Cash and Investments bar graph is located in the Management Discussion and 
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition.  Cash and 
Investments reflected in dollars in millions for the fiscal years ended
1994, 1993, and 1992 are shown as $487.7, $345.7, and $159.2, respectively.

Cash provided by Operations bar graph is located in the Management 
Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition.
Cash provided by operations reflected in dollars in millions for the fiscal 
years ended 1994, 1993, and 1992 are shown as $431.7, $234.0, and $136.0
respectively.  The amounts for fiscal years ended 1994 and 1993 are also 
duplicated in the Management Discussion and Analysis of Results of 
Operations and Financial Condition narrative.

<PAGE>
                                                            Exhibit 21.0
NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

The following table shows certain information with respect to the active 
subsidiaries of the Company as of May 29, 1994, all of which are 
included in the consolidated financial statements of the registrant:

                                State or                      Percent of 
                                  other       Other country     voting
                              jurisdiction      in which      securities
                                   of         subsidiary is    owned by 
Name                         incorporation     registered      National 
- - ----                         -------------    -------------   ----------
Dyna-Craft, Inc.                California                       100%
National Semiconductor          Delaware                         100%
      International, Inc.
DTS Caribe, Inc.                Delaware                         100%
N.S. Publications, Inc.         Delaware                         100%
National Semiconductor          Delaware                         100%
      Property, Inc.
Fairchild Semiconductor Corp.   Delaware                         100%
National Semiconductor          France                           100%
      France S.A.
National Semiconductor GmbH     Germany          Belgium         100%
National Semiconductor          Israel                           100%
      (I.C.) Ltd.
National Semiconductor Sp.A.    Italy                            100%
National Semiconductor A.B.     Sweden                           100%
National Semiconductor          Great Britain    Denmark         100%
        (U.K.) Ltd.                              Ireland/
                                              Finland/Norway
                                                  Spain
National Semiconductor          Netherlands                      100%
      Benelux B.V.
National Semiconductor          Switzerland                      100%
      International
      Finance S.A.
National Semiconductor          Australia                        100%
      (Australia)  Pty. Ltd.
National Semiconductor          Hong Kong                        100%
      (Hong Kong) Limited
National Semiconductor          Hong Kong        Taiwan          100%
      (Far East) Limited
Consumer Electronics Limited    Hong Kong                        100%
National Semiconductor (HK)     Hong Kong        Philippines     100%
      Distribution Ltd.
National Semiconductor          Japan                            100%
      (Service) Ltd.  
National Semiconductor          Japan                            100%
      Japan Ltd.
National Semiconductor          Malaysia                         100%
      SDN. BHD.

<PAGE>

                                                           Exhibit 21.0
NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION AND SUBSIDIARIES
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT


                               State or                       Percent of
                                other         Other country     voting
                             jurisdiction       in which     securities
                                 of           subsidiary is   owned by 
Name                        incorporation      registered     National 
- - ----                        -------------     -------------  ----------
National Semiconductor          Malaysia                         100%
      Technology SDN. BHD.
DynaCraft SDN. BHD.             Malaysia                         100%
National Semiconductor Pte.     Singapore                        100%
      Ltd.
National Semiconductor          Singapore                        100%
      Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd.
National Semiconductor          Singapore                        100%
      Singapore Manufacturer
      Pte. Ltd.
National Semiconductor          Canada                           100%
      Canada Inc.
National Semicondutores         Brazil                           100%
      do Brasil  Ltda.
Electronica NSC de Mexico,      Mexico                           100%
      S.A. de C.V.
ASIC Limited                    Bermuda                          100%

<PAGE>
                                                       EXHIBIT 10.2

                  NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

                     Key Employee Incentive Plan

                 (as amended effective May 29, 1994)


1.     Objectives.

The National Semiconductor Corporation Key Employee Incentive Plan (the 
"Plan") is designed to retain executives and other selected employees 
and reward them for making major contributions to the success and 
profitability of the Company.  These objectives are accomplished by 
making incentive Awards under the Plan and providing Participants with a 
proprietary interest in the growth and performance of the Company.

2.     Definitions.

     (a)    Award - The Award to a Plan Participant pursuant to such 
terms, conditions and limitations as the Company may establish in order 
to fulfill the objectives of the Plan.  

     (b)    Award Agreement - An agreement between the Company and a 
Participant that sets forth the terms, conditions and limitations 
applicable to an Award.

     (c)    Board - The Board of Directors of National Semiconductor 
Corporation.

     (d)    Code - The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from 
time to time.

     (e)    Committee - The Stock Option and Compensation Committee of 
the Company's Board, or such other committee of the Board that is 
designated by the Board to administer the Company's compensation 
policies and programs.

     (f)    Company - National Semiconductor Corporation ("NSC") and any 
other corporation in which NSC controls, directly or indirectly, fifty 
percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of all classes of 
voting securities.

     (g)    Executive Officer - Any officer of the Company subject to 
the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange 
Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act").

<PAGE>

     (h)    Participant - An employee of the Company eligible to receive 
an Award under the Plan.

3.     Eligibility.

Employees of the Company, excluding Executive Officers participating in 
the Executive Officer Incentive Plan, eligible for an Award under the 
Plan are those who hold positions of responsibility and whose 
performance, in the judgment of the management of the Company can have 
significant effect on the success of the Company. 

4.     Administration.

The Plan shall be administered by the Committee which shall have full 
and exclusive power to interpret the Plan, to grant waivers of Plan 
restrictions and to adopt such rules, regulations and guidelines for 
carrying out the Plan as it may deem necessary or proper, all of which 
power shall be executed in the best interests of the Company and in 
keeping with the objectives of the Plan.  These powers include, but are 
not limited to, the adoption of modifications, amendments, procedures, 
subplans and the like as are necessary to comply with provisions of the 
laws of other countries in which the Company may operate in order to 
assure the viability of Awards granted under the Plan and to enable 
Participants employed in such other countries to receive advantages and 
benefits under the Plan and such laws.

5.     Delegation of Authority.

The Committee may delegate to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
and to other senior officers of the Company its duties under the Plan 
pursuant to such conditions or limitations as the  Committee may 
establish.

6.     Awards.

The Committee may grant Participants awards of cash at such times and in 
such amounts as the Committee deems appropriate and shall set forth in 
the related Award Agreement the terms, conditions and limitations 
applicable to each Award.  Such awards shall be made in accordance with 
such guidelines as the Committee may from time to time adopt.  Awards 
shall be made subject to such conditions and restrictions as the 
Committee may determine to be appropriate, which may include, but are 
not limited to, continuous service with the Company, achievement of 
specific business objectives, increases in specified indices, attaining 
growth rates and other comparable measures of Company performance.

7.     Payment of Awards.

<PAGE>

No Participant shall have the right to receive payment of any Award 
until notified of the amount of such award, in writing, by the Company.  
Payment of Awards shall be made in the form of cash and 
may include such restrictions as the Company or Committee shall
determine. Payments may be deferred in accordance with procedures 
established by the Company to assure that such deferrals comply with 
applicable requirements of the Code including, at the choice of 
participants, the capability to make further deferrals for payment after 
retirement.

8.     Tax Withholding.

The Company shall have the right to deduct applicable taxes from any 
Award payment.

9.     Amendment, Modification, Suspension or
       Discontinuance of this Plan.

The Company may amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan for the 
purpose of meeting or addressing any changes in legal requirements or 
for any other purpose permitted by law.  The Company will seek 
stockholder approval of an amendment if determined to be required by or 
advisable under regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or 
the Internal Revenue Service, the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Company's stock is listed or other applicable law or regulation.  No 
amendment, suspension, termination or discontinuance may impair the 
right of a Participant or his or her designated beneficiary to receive 
any Award accrued prior to the later of the date of adoption or the 
effective date of such amendment, suspension, termination or 
discontinuance.

10.    Termination of Employment.

If the employment of a Participant terminates, other than pursuant to 
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 10, all unpaid Awards shall be 
cancelled immediately, unless the Award Agreement provides otherwise.

     (a)    Retirement - When a Participant's employment terminates as a 
result of retirement, the Company may permit Awards to continue in 
effect beyond the date of retirement in accordance with the applicable 
Award Agreement, and the vesting of any Award may be accelerated.

     (b)    Death or Disability of a Participant.

          (i)    In the event of a Participant's death, the 
Participant's estate or beneficiaries shall have a period up to the 
expiration date specified in the Award Agreement within which to receive 
any outstanding Award held by the Participant under such terms as may be 
specified in the applicable Award Agreement.  Rights to any such 

<PAGE>

outstanding Awards shall pass by will or the laws of descent and 
distribution in the following order:  (a) to 
beneficiaries so designated by the Participant; if none, then (b) to a 
legal representative of the Participant; if  none, then (c) to the 
persons entitled thereto as determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction.  Awards so passing shall be made at such times and in such 
manner as if the Participant were living.

          (ii)    In the event a Participant is disabled, Awards and 
rights to any such Awards may be paid to the Participant.

          (iii)    After the death or disability of a Participant, the 
Company may, in its sole discretion, at any time (1) terminate 
restrictions in Award Agreements; (2) accelerate any or all installments 
and rights; and (3) pay the total of any accelerated payments in a lump 
sum to the Participant, the Participant's estate, beneficiaries or 
representative.

          (iv)    In the event of uncertainty as to interpretation of or 
controversies concerning this paragraph (b) of Section 10, the Company's 
determinations shall be binding and conclusive.

11.    Cancellation and Rescission of Awards.

Unless the Award Agreement specifies otherwise, the Company may cancel 
any unpaid Awards at any time if the Participant is not in compliance 
with all other applicable provisions of the Award Agreement and the 
Plan.  Awards may also be cancelled if the Company determines that the 
Participant has at any time engaged in activity harmful to the interest 
of or in competition with the Company.

12.    Nonassignability.

No Award or any other benefit under the Plan shall be assignable or 
transferable by the Participant during the Participant's lifetime. 

13.    Unfunded Plan.

The Plan shall be unfunded.  Although bookkeeping accounts may be 
established with respect to Participants, any such accounts shall be 
used merely as a bookkeeping convenience.  The Company shall not be 
required to segregate any assets that may at any time be represented by 
cash, nor shall the Plan be construed as providing for such segregation, 
nor shall the Company nor the Board nor the Committee be deemed  

<PAGE>

to be a
trustee of any cash to be granted under the Plan.  Any liability of the 
Company to any Participant with respect to an Award under the Plan shall 
be based solely upon any contractual obligations that may be created by 
the Plan and any Award Agreement; no such obligation of the Company 
shall be deemed to be secured by any pledge or other encumbrance on any 
property of the Company.  Neither the Company nor the Board nor the 
Committee 

<PAGE>

shall be required to give any security or bond for the performance of 
any obligation that may be created by the Plan.

14.    No Right to Continued Employment.

Nothing in this Plan shall confer upon any employee or Participant any 
right to continue in the employ of the Company or shall interfere with 
or restrict in any way the right of the Company to discharge an employee 
or Participant at any time for any reason, with or without good cause.

15.    Effective and Termination Dates.

The Plan as originally adopted by this Company was effective November 
25, 1991, and as amended is effective May 29, 1994.  The Company may 
terminate or suspend the Plan at any time.  No Awards may be made while 
the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated. 

<PAGE>

                                                         EXHIBIT 10.3

                   NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

               1995 KEY EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE PLAN AGREEMENT


                               ARTICLE 1

                              Definitions


     Whenever used in the Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, the 
following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below:

Agreement:               This Key Employee Incentive Plan Agreement.

Award:                   The amount to be paid to a Plan Participant at 
                         the end of the Plan Period.

Award Date:              The date forty days after the Company makes its 
                         consolidated financial statements for the 
                         fiscal year generally available to the press.

Base Salary:             The annualized base remuneration received by a 
                         Participant from the Company at the end of the 
                         Bonus Period.  Extraordinary items, including 
                         but not limited to prior awards,  relocation 
                         expenses, expatriate premiums, allowances and 
                         tax adjustments, sales incentives, amounts 
                         recognized as income from stock options and 
                         other similar kinds of extra or additional 
                         remuneration are excluded from the computation 
                         of Base Salary.

Company:                 National Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware 
                         corporation,  or any other Corporation that has 
                         adopted this Plan as its own Plan.

Committee:               A committee comprised of directors of National 
                         who are not employees of the Company, as more 
                         fully defined in the Key Employee Incentive 
                         Plan.

Corporation:             The Company and any other corporation in which 
                         the Company controls directly or indirectly, 
                         fifty percent (50%) or more of 
                         the combined voting power of all classes of
                         voting securities.

Disabled:                Inability to perform any services for the 
                         Company and eligible to receive disability 
                         benefits under the standards used by the 
                         Company's disability benefit plan or any 
                         successor plan thereto.

Employee:                An individual in the employ of the Company at 
                         any time during the Plan Period.

Executive Officer:       An Employee of the Company who is subject to 
                         the reporting and liability provisions of 
                         Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act 
                         of 1934.

<PAGE>

Extraordinary            Events that, in the opinion of the Committee, 
Occurrences:             are beyond the significant influence of Plan 
                         Participants or the Company and cause a 
                         significant unintended effect, positive or 
                         negative, on Company operating and financial 
                         results.

Incentive Levels:        The grouping of those Employees designated as 
                         Participants as set forth in Article 4.

Participant:             An Employee who at the time shall be a 
                         Participant in accordance with the provisions 
                         of Article 3.

Performance Goal:        Factors considered and scored to determine the 
                         amount of a Participant's Award and consisting 
                         of three levels of performance as follows:

                         (i) Threshold - the minimum acceptable level of 
                         performance for which an Award may be earned on 
                         a particular Performance Goal.

                         (ii) Target - good performance, usually set at 
                         a level equal to the Strategic Business Plan 
                         ("SBP II") for financial measures, reflecting a 
                         degree of difficulty which has a reasonable 
                         probability of achievement.

                         (iii) Superior - exceptional performance far 
                         exceeding the Target level because of the 
                         great degree of difficulty and the limited
                         ((10% -20%) probability of achievement.

Plan Period:             The fiscal year of the Company.

Retired:                 Permanent termination of employment with the 
                         Company, and (a) age is either sixty-five (65) 
                         or age is at least fifty-five (55) and years of 
                         service in the employ of the Company is ten 
                         (10) or more, and (b) the terminating employee 
                         has certified to the Vice President-Finance of 
                         the Company that he or she  does not intend to 
                         engage in a full-time vocation.

Target Award:            The Award, expressed as a percentage of Base 
                         Salary, that is earned by a Participant for 
                         achievement of the Target Performance Measure.

     All capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise 
defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Key Employee 
Incentive Plan.


                                 ARTICLE 2

                               Effective Date

     The Agreement will become effective as of May 29, 1994, to be 
effective for the Company's fiscal year 1995. 


<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE 3

                    Eligibility for Plan Participation

A.   Prior to the commencement of each Plan Period, members of the 
Company's management committee will recommend to the President of the 
Company potential Participants for the Plan Period and their Incentive 
Level.  The President of the Company shall then designate Plan 
Participants and their Incentive Level for the Plan Period.  Executive 
Officers may not participate in the plan.

B.   Participants will be notified of their eligibility before the 
beginning of each Plan Period.  Continued participation will be re-
evaluated at the beginning of each Plan Period.

C.   Newly hired Employees may be added as Participants to the Plan 
during the Plan Period.   Other non-participating Employees may be 
considered for participation in the Plan after the beginning of the Plan 
Period, provided they have assumed significantly greater responsibility 
during the Plan Period.  Participants who are added to the Plan during a 
Plan Period will receive a prorated Award based on months of 
participation in the Plan, provided they have at least six months of 
Plan participation.


                                ARTICLE 4

                              Target Awards

A.   Each Participant will be assigned an Incentive Level with 
associated Target Awards expressed as percentages of the Participant's 
Base Salary.  Target Awards will be the same for all Participants at any 
given Incentive Level.

B.   In the event that a Participant changes positions during the Plan 
Period and the change results in a change in Incentive Level, whether 
due to promotion or demotion, the Incentive Level will be prorated to 
reflect the time spent in each position.


                               ARTICLE 5

                         Plan Performance Goals

A.   Performance Goals and associated weights will be established at the 
start of each Plan Period.  Each Performance Goal will have a defined 
Threshold, Target and Superior level of performance.  Performance Goals 
and their associated weights may change from one Plan Period to another 
Plan Period to reflect the Company's operational and strategic goals.

<PAGE>

B.   Weights for corporate and business unit financial Performance 
Measures will be established at the start of each Plan Period and will 
be equal unless otherwise approved in advance by the President of the 
Company.

C.   Awards will range between 0% and 200% of Target Award.  A scale 
showing the amount of the Participant's Award relative to the Target 
Award at the various performance levels will be developed for each 
Performance Goal.  Performance levels and associated Awards (as a 
percent of the Target Award) will be set generally in a straight linear 
relationship from Threshold to Superior Performance Goals, with Awards 
at the Superior level being 150% of the Target Award, Awards at the 
Target level being 100% of the Target Award and Awards at the Threshold 
level being 50% of the Target Award.  Performances at less than the 
Threshold level or more than the Superior level are subject to 
discretionary adjustments that may not necessarily follow a linear 
progression.

D.   Financial and strategic Performance Goals and Target Performance 
Goals will be recommended by the responsible group manager for each 
specific group or business unit and approved by the President of the 
Company. 

E.   Under exceptional circumstances, revisions to financial performance 
targets may be proposed at the midpoint of the Plan Period if the 
business environment or key planning assumptions change significantly 
from conditions assumed at the start of the Plan Period.  Such revisions 
are subject to approval by the President of the Company.

F.   Performance Goals, performance scales and Awards may be adjusted  
in the event the Committee or the President determine there has been an 
Extraordinary Occurrence during the Plan Period that (i) affects one or 
more Performance Goals; (ii) unreasonably distorts Award calculations; 
or (iii) results in undue benefit or detriment to the Plan Participants.  
Such adjustments will be made solely for the purpose of neutralizing the 
effect of the Extraordinary Occurrence.


                               ARTICLE 6

                    Calculation and Payment of Awards

A.   A Participant's Award will be calculated as a percentage of Base 
Salary as follows:

      1)  The Participant's Target Award is determined prior to the
          beginning of the Plan Period.

      2)  The performance of the Participant's group is scored on an 
          overall basis at the end of the Plan Period.

      3)  The group's overall performance score creates an incentive
          pool.

      4)  The group's incentive pool is divided among the Participants 
          within the group, based on individual contributions toward the 
          group's overall performance score.  No one individual Award 
          may exceed 200% of the Participant's Target Award amount.

<PAGE>

B.   Measurement of performance on Performance Goals for Participants 
will be scored by the Company.

C.   Awards will be paid in cash. 

D.   All or any portion of the Award may be deferred if the Participant 
makes a voluntary irrevocable election to defer payment to a future date 
pursuant to the deferral terms contained in Article 8.


                                ARTICLE 7

                        Termination of Employment

A.   To be eligible to receive an Award, the Participant must be 
employed by the Company on the Award Date.  A Participant who terminates 
employment prior to the Award Date will result in forfeiture of the 
Award, except as otherwise provided in this Article 7.

      Disability:  If a Participant is Disabled, the Participant will 
receive an Award on the Award Date representing 1/12 of the total Award 
for each month of employment in the Plan Period.

      Retirement:  A Retired Participant will receive on the Award Date 
an Award representing 1/12 of the total Award for each month of 
employment in the Plan Period.

      Death:  If a Participant dies, Awards will be paid on the Award 
Date to:  (a) beneficiaries designated by the Participant; if none, then 
(b) to a legal representative of the Participant; if none, then (c) to 
the persons entitled thereto as determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction.  The amount of the Award will be 1/12 of the total Award 
for each month of employment in the Plan Period.

      Lay-off:  Participants whose employment is terminated by lay-off 
during the Plan Period will receive no Award.  If a Participant's 
employment is terminated by lay-off after the Plan Period but before the 
Award Date, the Participant will receive the Award on the Award Date.

B.   The Committee reserves the right to reduce an Award on a pro-rata 
basis to reflect a Participant's leave of absence during a Plan Period.


                                ARTICLE 8

                            Deferral of Awards

A.   Each Participant is entitled to make an irrevocable election (in  
the form of the Notice of Election attached) to defer receipt of all or 
any portion of any Award.  For any Plan Period, the Notice of Election 
must be completed prior to thirty (30) days before the end of the Plan 
Period.  Notices of Election are not self-renewing and must be completed 
for each Plan Period if deferral is desired for the applicable Plan 
Period.

B.   For each Participant who elects deferral, the Company will 
establish and maintain book entry accounts which will reflect the 
deferred Award and any interest credited to the account.

<PAGE>

C.   For deferred Awards, Participant deferred accounts will be credited 
each Award Date with interest set at the rate for long-term A-rated 
corporate bonds, as reported by the investment banking firm of Salomon 
Brothers Inc of New York City (or such other investment banking firm as 
the Committee may specify) during the first week of each calendar year.  
The interest rate will be reset at the beginning of each calendar year.  
Interest will begin to accrue on the Award Date and will be credited 
each Award Date until the date payment is actually made.  If a 
Participant's Award is distributed at any time other than on an Award 
Date, the Participant's account will be credited with interest until the 
date of distribution.

D.   Participants will not receive deferred Awards until the earlier of 
termination of employment for any reason (including retirement, 
disability, or death) or a date pre-selected by the Participant.  The 
account balance will be paid in a lump sum in the month 
following the earlier of termination of employment for any reason or the 
pre-selected date unless installment payments are permitted and have 
been elected as follows:  Upon termination of employment by reason of 
retirement or disability, a Participant who has previously elected to 
defer an Award may irrevocably elect to have the balance of the deferred 
Award plus accrued interest paid to the Participant in periodic annual 
installments over a period of ten (10) years.  Payments shall commence 
or be made annually on a day each year that is within thirty (30) days 
of the anniversary date following Participant's retirement or 
disability.  

E.   If the Participant's employment is terminated for any reason other 
than death, disability or retirement, the Participant will be paid the 
entire account balance in a lump sum in the month after termination.  If 
a Participant has requested installment payments and dies either before 
or after distribution has begun, the unpaid balance will be paid in a 
lump sum in the month following the Participant's death.

F.   Payment of part or all of the deferred Award may be accelerated in 
the case of severe hardship, which shall mean an emergency or unexpected 
situation in the Participant's financial affairs, including, but not 
limited to, illness or accident involving the Participant or any of the 
Participant's dependents.  All payments in case of hardship must be 
specifically approved by the Company.

G.   No Participant may borrow against his or her account.

H.   The Participant may designate a beneficiary to receive deferred 
Awards in the event of the Participant's death.  If the Participant is 
married at the time of designation, the Participant's spouse must 
consent to the beneficiary designation.  The Participant's beneficiary 
may be changed without the consent of any prior beneficiary except that, 
for married Participants, the Participant's spouse must consent to any 
change in beneficiary.  If no beneficiary is chosen or the beneficiary 
does not survive the Participant, the Award account balance will be paid 
in accordance with the terms of the Plan.

<PAGE>
                                 ARTICLE 9

                        Interpretations and Rule-Making

     The Company shall have the right and power to:  (i) interpret the 
provisions of the Agreement, and resolve questions thereunder, which 
interpretations and resolutions shall be final and conclusive; (ii) 
adopt such rules and regulations with regard to the administration of 
the Plan as are consistent with the terms of the Agreement, and (iii) 
generally take all action to equitably administer the operation of the 
Plan and this Agreement.


                               ARTICLE 10

           Declaration of Incentives, Amendment, or Discontinuance

     The President of the Company acting within his sole discretion may 
on or before the Award Date: (i) determine not to make any Awards to any 
or all Participants for any Plan Period; (ii) make any modification or 
amendment to this Agreement for any or all Participants; or (iii) 
discontinue this Agreement for any or all Participants.  


                               ARTICLE 11

                              Miscellaneous

A.   Except as provided in Article 8 H, no right or interest in the Plan 
is transferable or assignable except by will or the laws of descent and 
distribution.

B.   Participation in this Plan does not guarantee any right to 
continued employment and management reserves the right to dismiss 
Participants for any reason whatsoever.  Participation in one Plan 
Period does not guarantee the Participant the right to participation in 
any subsequent Plan Period.

C.   The Company reserves the right to deduct from all Awards under this 
Plan any taxes or other amounts  required by law to be withheld with 
respect to Award payments.

D.   This Plan constitutes an unfunded Plan of deferred compensation.  
As such, any amounts payable hereunder will be paid out of the general 
corporate assets of the Company and shall not be transferred into a 
trust or otherwise set aside.  All accounts under the Plan will be for 
bookkeeping purposes only and shall not represent a claim against 
specific assets of the Company.  The Participant will be considered a 
general creditor of the Company and the obligation of the Company is 
purely contractual and shall not be funded or secured in any way.

E.   Maintenance of financial information relevant to measuring 
performance during the Plan Period will be the responsibility of the 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

F.   The provisions of the Plan shall not limit, or restrict, the right 
or power of the Board to continue to adopt such other plans or programs, 
or to make salary, bonus, incentive, or other payments, with respect to 
compensation of officers or Employees, as in its sole judgment it may 
deem proper.

<PAGE>

G.   Except to the extent superseded by federal law, this Agreement 
shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
California. 

H.   No member of the Company's board of directors or any officer, 
employee, or agent of the Company shall have any liability to any 
person, firm or corporation based on or arising out of this Agreement or 
the Plan.


                       NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION
                         KEY EMPLOYEE INCENTIVE PLAN

                             Notice of Election

     If you are a Participant in the Company's Key Employee Incentive 
Plan ("KEIP") and receive an Award under the KEIP for fiscal year 1995, 
you may accept payment in calendar year 1995 or you may defer payment 
until a later date which is at least one year after the Award Date.  If 
you want to defer payment, complete this election form and return it to 
Donald Macleod, Senior Vice President, Finance, or his designee by  
April 27, 1995.

     If you do not complete this form, you will receive payment in 
calendar year 1995.  For further details, refer to the National 
Semiconductor Corporation Key Employee Incentive Plan documents and 
Agreement.

                *          *          *          *          *

DEFERRAL ELECTION:

     In accordance with the National Semiconductor Corporation KEIP, I 
hereby elect to defer all or part of the Award as specified below, which 
Award would otherwise be paid to me under the terms of the KEIP.

     1.   Please defer ______% or $______ of my KEIP Award.  If the 
dollar amount selected is greater than the total KEIP Award, the entire 
Award will be deferred.

     2.   The amounts deferred will be payable on the earliest of:  
termination of employment for any reason (including retirement, 
disability, or death) or on ________________________ (specify pre-
selected distribution date at least one year after the 1995 Award Date.)

     3.   In the event of death, my primary beneficiary is:

                 _______________________________________________
                 (Print name)

Print address:   _______________________________________________

                 _______________________________________________

My secondary beneficiary (to receive benefits only in the event of death 
of my primary beneficiary) is:

                 _______________________________________________
                 (Print name)


Print address:   _______________________________________________

                 _______________________________________________

<PAGE>

I UNDERSTAND THIS ELECTION IS IRREVOCABLE FOR THE 1995 KEIP AWARD AND IS 
SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THE NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR KEIP DOCUMENT.


                                           Consent of spouse (required 
                                           married participants 
                                           beneficiaries other than spouse)


Signature: ___________________________    Signature______________________

Print Name: __________________________    Print Name:____________________

Date: ________________________________




Received  by National Semiconductor Corporation

Date: ________________________________

By: __________________________________

Print Name: __________________________

Title: ________________________________

<PAGE>

                                                            EXHIBIT 10.4

                    NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

                    Executive Officer Incentive Plan

                   (as adopted effective May 29, 1994)


1.   Objectives.

The National Semiconductor Corporation Executive Officer Incentive Plan 
(the "Plan") is designed to retain executives and reward them for making 
major contributions to the success and profitability of the Company.  These 
objectives are accomplished by making incentive Awards under the Plan and 
providing participants with a proprietary interest in the growth and 
performance of the Company.

2.   Definitions.

     (a)  Award - The Award to a Plan participant pursuant to terms and 
conditions of the Plan.  

     (b)  Award Agreement - An agreement between the Company and a 
participant that sets forth the terms, conditions and limitations 
applicable to an Award.

     (c)  Board - The Board of Directors of National Semiconductor 
Corporation.

     (d)  Code - The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to 
time.

     (e)  Committee - The Stock Option and Compensation Committee of the 
Board, or such other committee of the Board that is designated by the Board 
to administer the Plan.  The Committee shall be constituted to permit the 
Plan to comply with the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Code and any 
regulations issued thereunder and shall initially consist of not less than 
three members of the Board.

     (f)  Company - National Semiconductor Corporation ("NSC") and any 
other corporation in which NSC controls directly or indirectly, fifty 
percent (50%) or more of the combined voting power of all classes of voting 
securities.

     (g)  Executive Officer - Any officer of the Company subject to the 
reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 
1934 (Exchange Act).

3.   Eligibility.

Only Executive Officers are eligible for participation in the Plan.

<PAGE>

4.   Administration.

The Plan shall be administered by the Committee which shall have full 
power and authority to construe, interpret and administer the Plan.  
Each decision of the Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding 
upon all persons.  Prior to the beginning of each fiscal year, the 
committee shall: (i) determine which Executive Officers are in positions 
in which they are likely to make substantial long term contributions to 
the Company's success and therefore participate in the Plan for the 
fiscal year; and (ii) to which Award level each participant is assigned.

5.   Performance Goals.

     (a)  The Committee shall establish performance goals applicable to 
a particular fiscal year prior to its start, provided, however, that 
such goals may be established after the start of the fiscal year but 
while the outcome of the performance goal is substantially uncertain if 
such a method of establishing performance goals is permitted under 
proposed or final regulations issued under Code Section 162 (m).

     (b)  Each performance goal applicable to a fiscal year shall 
identify one or more business criteria that is to be monitored during 
the fiscal year.  Such business criteria include any of the following:

    Net income                        Cash flow
    Earnings per share                Stockholder return
    Debt reduction                    Revenue
    Return on investment              Revenue growth
    Return on net assets              Manufacturing improvements and/or
    Operating ratio                      efficiencies
    Quality improvements              Return on equity
    Market share                      Cycle time reductions
    Profit before tax                 Customer satisfaction improvements
    Size of equity                    Return on research and development
    Reduction in product                 investment 
       returns                        Customer request date
    Strategic positioning                performance 
       programs                       Human resource excellence
    Compensation/review                  programs
       program improvements           New product releases
    Business/information
      systems improvements

     (c)  The Committee shall determine the target level of performance 
that must be achieved with respect to each criteria that is identified 
in a performance goal in order for a performance goal to be treated as 
attained.

<PAGE>

     (d)  The Committee may base performance goals on one or more of the  
foregoing business criteria.  In the event performance goals are based 
on more than one business criteria, the Committee may determine to make 
Awards upon attainment of the performance goal relating to any one or 
more of such criteria, provided the performance goals, when established, 
are stated as alternatives to one another.

6.   Awards.

     (a)  The Committee shall make Awards only in the event the 
Committee certifies in writing prior to payment of the Award that the 
performance goal or goals under which the Award is to be paid has or 
have been attained.

     (b)  The maximum Award payable under this Plan to any participant 
for any fiscal year shall be the lesser of $2 million (two million 
dollars) or 200% of the participant's annualized base renumeration at 
the end of the fiscal year.

     (c)  The Committee in its sole and absolute discretion may reduce 
but not increase the amount of an Award otherwise payable to a 
participant upon attainment of the performance goal or goals established 
for a fiscal year.

     (d)  A participant's performance must be satisfactory, regardless 
of Company performance, before he or she may be paid an incentive Award.

     (e)  To the extent permitted under regulations issued under Code 
Section 162(m), in the event the performance goals for a fiscal year are 
attained, the Committee, in its discretion, may grant all or such 
portion of an incentive Award for the year as it deems advisable to a 
participant (or his or her beneficiary in the case of his death) who is 
employed or who is promoted to an Executive Officer position covered by 
this Plan during the year, or whose employment is terminated during the 
fiscal year, or who suffers a permanent disability.

7.   Payment of Awards.

     (a)  Each participant shall be paid the Award solely in cash as 
soon as practicable following grant of the Award by the Committee.

     (b)  Prior to the end of the fiscal year, each participant may 
elect to have the payment of all or a portion of his or her incentive 
Award, if any, for the year deferred until the earliest to occur of his 
or her retirement, death, disability, resignation, termination of 
employment or other date selected by the participant.  The election 
shall be irrevocable and shall be made  

<PAGE>

on a form prescribed by the Committee.  The election shall apply to only 
that fiscal year.  If a
participant has not made an election, any incentive Award for that year 
shall be paid pursuant to Section 7(a).

     (c)  The Company shall establish and maintain book entry accounts 
for each participant who has elected deferral.  Interest shall accrue on 
the deferred incentive Award to the date of distribution, and shall be 
credited to the participant deferred accounts annually at the time 
Awards are paid until payment is actually made.  Interest will be set at 
the rate for long term A-rated corporate bonds, as reported by the 
investment banking firm of Salomon Brothers Inc. of New York City (or 
such other investment banking firm as the Committee may specify during 
the first week of each calendar year).  The interest rate will be reset 
at the beginning of each calendar year.

     (d)  The deferred incentive Awards are an unfunded obligation of 
the Company.  

     (e)  At the time of termination of employment by reason of 
retirement or disability of a participant who has elected to defer an 
incentive Award, the participant may irrevocably elect to have the 
balance of his or her deferred Award plus accrued interest paid to him 
or her in periodic, annual installments over a period of ten (10) years.  
Payments shall commence or be made annually on a day that is within 
thirty (30) days of the  anniversary date following the participant's 
retirement or disability.

     (f)  The Committee, in its sole discretion, may accelerate the 
payment of the unpaid balance of a participant's deferred Award upon its 
determination that the participant has incurred a severe and unexpected 
financial hardship.  The Committee in making its determination may 
consider such factors and require such information as it deems 
appropriate.

8.   Tax Withholding.

The Company shall have the right to deduct applicable taxes from any 
Award payment.

9.   Amendment, Modification, Suspension
     or Discontinuance of this Plan.

The Committee may amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan for the 
purpose of meeting or addressing any changes in legal requirements or 
for any other purpose permitted by law.  The Committee will seek 
stockholder approval of an amendment if determined to be required by or 
advisable under regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or 
the Internal Revenue Service, the rules of any stock exchange on which 
the Company's stock is  

<PAGE>

listed or other applicable law or regulation.  No
amendment, suspension, termination or discontinuance may impair the 
right of a participant or his or her designated beneficiary to receive 
any Award accrued prior to the later 
of the date of adoption or the effective date of such amendment, 
suspension, termination or discontinuance.

10.   Termination of Employment.

If the employment of a participant terminates, other than pursuant to 
paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 10, all unpaid Awards shall be 
cancelled immediately, unless the Award Agreement provides otherwise.

     (a)  Retirement - When a participant's employment terminates as a 
result of retirement, the Committee may permit Awards to continue in 
effect beyond the date of retirement in accordance with the applicable 
Award Agreement and the vesting of any Award may be accelerated.

     (b)  Death or Disability of a Participant.

          (i) In the event of a participant's death, the participant's 
estate or beneficiaries shall have a period up to the expiration date 
specified in the Award Agreement within which to receive any outstanding 
Award held by the participant under such terms as may be specified in 
the applicable Award Agreement.  Rights to any such outstanding Awards 
shall pass by will or the laws of descent and distribution in the 
following order:  (a) to beneficiaries so designated by the participant; 
if none, then (b) to a legal representative of the participant; if  
none, then (c) to the persons entitled thereto as determined by a court 
of competent jurisdiction.  Awards so passing shall be made at such 
times and in such manner as if the participant were living.

          (ii) In the event a participant is disabled, Awards and rights 
to any such Awards may be paid to the participant.

          (iii) After the death or disability of a participant, the 
Committee may in its sole discretion at any time (a) terminate 
restrictions in Award Agreements; (b) accelerate any or all installments 
and rights; and (c) instruct the Company to pay the total of any 
accelerated payments in a lump sum to the participant, the participant's 
estate, beneficiaries or representative.

          (iv) In the event of uncertainty as to interpretation of or 
controversies concerning this paragraph (b) of Section 10, the 
Committee's determinations shall be binding and conclusive.

<PAGE>

11.   Cancellation and Rescission of Awards.

Unless the Award Agreement specifies otherwise, the Committee may cancel 
any unpaid Awards at any time if the participant is not in compliance 
with all other applicable provisions of the Award Agreement and the 
Plan.  Awards may also be cancelled if the Committee 
determines that the participant has at any time engaged in activity 
harmful to the interest of or in competition with the Company. 

12.   Nonassignability.

No Award or any other benefit under the Plan shall be assignable or 
transferable by the participant during the participant's lifetime.

13.   Unfunded Plan.

The Plan shall be unfunded.  Although bookkeeping accounts may be 
established with respect to participants, any such accounts shall be 
used merely as a bookkeeping convenience.  The Company shall not be 
required to segregate any assets that may at any time be represented by 
cash, nor shall the Plan be construed as providing for such segregation, 
nor shall the Company nor the Board nor the Committee be deemed to be a 
trustee of any Award under the Plan.  Any liability of the Company to 
any participant with respect to an Award under the Plan shall be based 
solely upon any contractual obligations that may be created by the Plan 
and any Award Agreement; no such obligation of the Company shall be 
deemed to be secured by any pledge or other encumbrance on any property 
of the Company.  Neither the Company nor the Board nor the Committee 
shall be required to give any security or bond for the performance of 
any obligation that may be created by the Plan.

14.   No Right to Continued Employment.

Nothing in this Plan shall confer upon any employee any right to 
continue in the employ of the Company or shall interfere with or 
restrict in any way the right of the Company to discharge an employee at 
any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without good cause.

15.   Effective Date.

The Plan shall become effective on May 29, 1994.  The Committee may 
terminate or suspend the Plan at any time.  No awards may be made while 
the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated.

<PAGE>

                     NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

                1995 EXECUTIVE OFFICER INCENTIVE PLAN AGREEMENT

                              ARTICLE 1

                             Definitions

     Whenever used in the Agreement, unless otherwise indicated, the 
following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth below:

Agreement:                This Executive Officer Incentive Plan 
                          Agreement.

Award:                    The amount to be paid to a Plan Participant at 
                          the end of the fiscal year.

Award Date:               The date set by the Committee for payment of 
                          Awards, usually approximately forty days after 
                          the Company makes its consolidated financial 
                          statements for the fiscal year generally 
                          available to the press.

Base Salary:              The annualized base remuneration received by a 
                          participant from the Company at the end of the 
                          fiscal year.  Extraordinary items, including 
                          but not limited to prior awards,  relocation 
                          expenses, expatriate premiums, allowances and 
                          tax adjustments, sales incentives, amounts 
                          recognized as income from stock options and 
                          other similar kinds of extra or additional 
                          remuneration are excluded from the computation 
                          of Base Salary.

Company:                  National Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware 
                          corporation,  or any other Corporation that as  
                          adopted this Plan as its own Plan.

Committee:                A committee comprised of directors of National
                          who are not employees of the Company, as more 
                          fully defined in the Executive Officer 
                          Incentive Plan.

Corporation:              The Company and any other corporation in which 
                          the Company controls directly or indirectly, 
                          fifty percent (50%) or more of the combined 
                          voting power of all classes of voting 
                          securities.

Disabled:                 Inability to perform any services for the 
                          Company and eligible to receive disability 
                          benefits under the standards used by the 
                          Company's disability benefit plan or any 
                          successor plan thereto.

Executive Officer:        An officer of the Company who is subject to 
                          the reporting and liability provisions of 
                          Section 16 of the Securities and Exchange Act 
                          of 1934.

<PAGE>

Extraordinary             Events that, in the opinion of the Committee, 
Occurrences:              are beyond the significant influence of Plan 
                          participants or the Company and cause a 
                          significant unintended effect, positive or 
                          negative, on Company operating and financial 
                          results.

Incentive Levels:         The grouping of those Executive Officers 
                          designated as participants as set forth in 
                          Article 4.

Participant:              An Executive Officer who at the time shall be 
                          a participant in accordance with the 
                          provisions of Article 3.

Performance               Factors considered and scored to determine the 
Goal:                     amount of a participant's Award, which shall 
                          be based on one or more of the business 
                          criteria listed in Section 5(b) of the Plan.  
                          Performance Goals will have three levels of 
                          performance as follows:

                          (i) Threshold - the minimum acceptable level 
                          of performance for which an Award may be 
                          earned on a particular Performance Goal.

                          (ii) Target - good performance, as established 
                          by the Committee, reflecting a degree of 
                          difficulty which has a reasonable probability 
                          of achievement.

                          (iii) Superior - exceptional performance far 
                          exceeding the Target level because of the 
                          great degree of difficulty and the limited 
                          probability of achievement.

Retired:                  Permanent termination of employment with the 
                          Company, and (a) age is either sixty-five (65) 
                          or age is at least fifty-five (55) and years 
                          of service in the employ of the Company is ten 
                         (10)  or more, and (b) the terminating employee 
                          has certified to the Vice President-Finance of 
                          the Company that he or she  does not intend to 
                          engage in a full-time vocation.

Target Award:             The Award, expressed as a percentage of Base 
                          Salary, that is earned by a Participant for 
                          achievement of the Target Performance Measure.

     All capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise 
defined herein have the meanings assigned to them in the Executive 
Officer Incentive Plan.

<PAGE>

                               ARTICLE 2

                             Effective Date

     The Agreement will become effective as of May 29, 1994, to be 
effective for the Company's fiscal year 1995. 


                               ARTICLE 3

                    Eligibility for Plan Participation

A.   Prior to the commencement of the Company's fiscal year, the 
Committee shall designate those Executive Officers who shall be Plan 
participants for the fiscal year and their respective Incentive Levels.

B.   Participants will be notified of their eligibility before the 
beginning of the fiscal year.  Continued participation will be re-
evaluated at the beginning of each fiscal year.

C.   Newly hired Executive Officers and persons who are promoted to 
Executive Officers may be added as participants to the Plan during the 
fiscal year.  Participants who are added to the Plan during a fiscal 
year will receive a prorated Award based on months of participation in 
the Plan.


                               ARTICLE 4

                             Target Awards

A.   Each participant will be assigned an Incentive Level with 
associated Target Awards expressed as percentages of the participant's 
Base Salary.  Target Awards will be the same for all participants at any 
given Incentive Level.

B.   In the event that a participant changes positions during the Plan 
Period and the change results in a change in Incentive Level, whether 
due to promotion or demotion, the Incentive Level will be prorated to 
reflect the time spent in each position.

                               ARTICLE 5

                         Plan Performance Goals

A.   Performance Goals, associated weights and levels of performance 
will be established by the Committee before the start of the fiscal 
year.  Each Performance Goal will have a defined Threshold, Target and 
Superior level of performance.  Performance Goals and their associated 
weights may change from one fiscal year to another fiscal year to 
reflect the Company's operational and strategic goals, but must be based 
on one or more of the business criteria listed in Section 5(b) of the 
Plan.

B.   Awards will range between 0% and 200% of Target Award.  A scale 
showing the amount of the Participant's Award relative to the Target 
Award at the various performance levels will be developed for each 
Performance Goal.  Performance levels and associated Awards (as a 
percent of the Target Award) will be set from Threshold to Superior 
Performance  

<PAGE>

Measures, with Awards ranging from 50% of the Target Award
at the Threshold level to 200% of the Target Award at the maximum level.  
The Committee shall retain the discretion to reduce (but not increase) 
the Award otherwise payable to a participant upon attainment of a 
Performance Goal.  Attachment A hereto contains a chart reflecting an 
example of the Award formula.


                               ARTICLE 6

                    Calculation and Payment of Awards

A.   A participant's Award will be calculated as a percentage of Base 
Salary as follows:

     1)   The participant's Target Award is determined prior to the 
          beginning of the fiscal year.

     2)   The performance of the Plan participants is scored on an 
          overall basis at the end of the Plan Period.

     3)   The group's overall performance score creates an incentive 
          pool.

     4)   The group's incentive pool is divided among the participants 
          within the group, based on individual contributions toward the 
          group's overall performance score.  No one individual Award 
          may exceed 200% of the participant's Target Award amount.

B.   The Committee will score the performance of the Plan participants.  
Awards will be paid only after the Committee certifies in writing that 
the Performance Goals have been attained.  The Committee shall have the 
discretion to reduce, but not increase, the amount of an Award otherwise 
payable to a participant upon attainment of the Performance Goal(s) 
established for the fiscal year.

C.   Awards will be paid in cash. 

D.   All or any portion of the Award may be deferred if the participant 
makes a voluntary irrevocable election to defer payment to a future date 
pursuant to the deferral terms contained in Article 8.


                                  ARTICLE 7

                          Termination of Employment

A.   To be eligible to receive an Award, the participant must be 
employed by the Company on the Award Date.  A participant who terminates 
employment prior to the Award Date will result in forfeiture of the 
Award, except as otherwise provided in this Article 7.

     Disability:  If a participant is Disabled, the participant will 
receive an Award on the Award Date representing 1/12 of the total Award 
for each month of employment in the fiscal year.

     Retirement:  A Retired participant will receive on the Award Date 
an Award representing 1/12 of the total Award for each month of 
employment in the fiscal year.

<PAGE>

     Death:  If a participant dies, Awards will be paid on the Award 
Date to:  (a) beneficiaries designated by the participant; if none, then 
(b) to a legal representative of the participant; if none, then (c) to 
the persons entitled thereto as determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction.  The amount of the Award will be 1/12 of the total Award 
for each month of employment in the fiscal year.

     Lay-off:  Participants whose employment is terminated by lay-off 
during the fiscal year will receive no Award.  If a participant's 
employment is terminated by lay-off after the fiscal year but before the 
Award Date, the participant will receive the Award on the Award Date.

     Termination for Cause:   Participants whose employment is 
terminated for cause prior to the Award Date will receive no award.

B.   The Committee reserves the right to reduce an Award on a pro-rata 
basis to reflect a participant's leave of absence during a fiscal year.


                               ARTICLE 8

                           Deferral of Awards

A.   Each participant is entitled to make an irrevocable election (in  
the form of the Notice of Election attached) to defer receipt of all or 
any portion of any Award.  For any fiscal year, the Notice of Election 
must be completed prior to thirty (30) days before the end 
of the fiscal year.  Notices of Election are not self-renewing and must 
be completed for each fiscal year if deferral is desired for the 
applicable fiscal year.

B.   For each participant who elects deferral, the Company will 
establish and maintain book entry accounts which will reflect the 
deferred Award and any interest credited to the account.

C.   For deferred Awards, participant deferred accounts will be credited 
each Award Date with interest set at the rate for long-term A-rated 
corporate bonds, as reported by the investment banking firm of Salomon 
Brothers Inc of New York City (or such other investment banking firm as 
the Committee may specify) during the first week of each calendar year.  
The interest rate will be reset at the beginning of each calendar year.  
Interest will begin to accrue on the Award Date and will be credited 
each Award Date until the date payment is actually made.  If a 
participant's Award is distributed at any time other than on an Award 
Date, the participant's account will be credited with interest until the 
date of distribution.

D.   Participants will not receive deferred Awards until the earlier of 
termination of employment for any reason (including retirement, 
disability, or death) or a date pre-selected by the Participant.  The 
account balance will be paid in a lump sum in the month following the 
earlier of termination of employment for any reason or the pre-selected 
date unless installment payments are permitted and have been elected as 
follows:  Upon termination of employment by reason of retirement or 
disability, a participant who has previously elected to defer an Award 
may irrevocably elect to have the balance of the deferred Award plus 
accrued interest paid to the participant in periodic, annual 
installments over a period of ten (10) years.  Payments shall commence 
or be made annually on a day that is within thirty (30) days of the 
anniversary date following the participant's retirement or disability.

<PAGE>

E.   If the participant's employment is terminated for any reason other 
than death, disability or retirement, the participant will be paid the 
entire account balance in a lump sum in the month after termination.  If 
a participant has requested installment payments and dies either before 
or after distribution has begun, the unpaid balance will be paid in a 
lump sum in the month following the participant's death.

F.   Payment of part or all of the deferred Award may be accelerated in 
the case of severe hardship, which shall mean an emergency or unexpected 
situation in the Participant's financial affairs, including, but not 
limited to, illness or accident involving the participant or any of the 
participant's dependents.  All payments in case of hardship must be 
specifically approved by the Committee.

G.   No participant may borrow against his or her account.

H.   The participant may designate a beneficiary to receive deferred 
Awards in the event of the participant's death.  If the participant is 
married at the time of designation and designates a beneficiary 
other than the participant's spouse, the participant's spouse must 
consent to the beneficiary designation.  The participant's beneficiary 
may be changed without the consent of any prior beneficiary except that, 
for married participants, the participant's spouse must consent to any 
change in beneficiary.  If no beneficiary is chosen or the beneficiary 
does not survive the participant, the Award account balance will be paid 
in accordance with the terms of the Plan.


                              ARTICLE 9

                   Interpretations and Rule-Making

      The Committee shall have the sole right and power to:  (i) 
interpret the provisions of the Agreement, and resolve questions 
thereunder, which interpretations and resolutions shall be final and 
conclusive; (ii) adopt such rules and regulations with regard to the 
administration of the Plan as are consistent with the terms of the 
Agreement, and (iii) generally take all action to equitably administer 
the operation of the Plan and this Agreement.


                             ARTICLE 10

      Declaration of Incentives, Amendment, or Discontinuance

      The Committee may on or before the Award Date: (i) determine not 
to make any Awards to any or all participants for any Plan Period; (ii) 
make any modification or amendment to this Agreement for any or all 
participants provided such modification or amendment is in accordance 
with the terms of the Plan; or (iii) discontinue this Agreement for any 
or all participants provided such modification or amendment is otherwise 
in accordance with the Plan.

<PAGE>

                             ARTICLE 11

                            Miscellaneous

A.   Except as provided in Article 8 H, no right or interest in the Plan 
is transferable or assignable except by will or the laws of descent and 
distribution.

B.   Participation in this Plan does not guarantee any right to 
continued employment and the Committee and management reserve the right 
to dismiss participants for any reason whatsoever.  Participation in one 
fiscal year does not guarantee the participant the right to 
participation in any subsequent fiscal year.

C.   The Company reserves the right to deduct from all Awards under this 
Plan any taxes or other amounts  required by law to be withheld with 
respect to Award payments.

D.   This Plan constitutes an unfunded Plan of deferred compensation.  
As such, any amounts payable hereunder will be paid out of the general 
corporate assets of the Company and shall not be transferred into a 
trust or otherwise set aside.  All accounts under the Plan will be for 
bookkeeping purposes only and shall not represent a claim against 
specific assets of the Company.  The participant will be considered a 
general creditor of the Company and the obligation of the Company is 
purely contractual and shall not be funded or secured in any way.

E.   Maintenance of financial information relevant to measuring 
performance during the fiscal year will be the responsibility of the 
Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

F.   The provisions of the Plan shall not limit, or restrict, the right 
or power of the Committee to continue to adopt such other plans or 
programs, or to make salary, bonus, incentive, or other payments, with 
respect to compensation of Executive Officers, as in its sole judgment 
it may deem proper.

G.   Except to the extent superseded by federal law, this Agreement 
shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of 
California. 

H.   No member of the Company's board of directors or any officer, 
employee, or agent of the Company shall have any liability to any 
person, firm or corporation based on or arising out of this Agreement or 
the Plan.

<PAGE>

                      NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION
                       EXECUTIVE OFFICER INCENTIVE PLAN

                             Notice of Election

    If you are a participant in the Company's Executive Officer 
Incentive Plan ("EOIP") and receive an Award under the EOIP for fiscal 
year 1995, you may accept payment in calendar year 1995 or you may defer 
payment until a later date which is at least one year after the Award 
Date.  If you want to defer payment, complete this election form and 
return it to Donald Macleod, Senior Vice President, Finance, or his 
designee by  April 27, 1995.

    If you do not complete this form, you will receive payment in 
calendar year 1995.  For further details, refer to the National 
Semiconductor Corporation Executive Officer Incentive Plan documents and 
Agreement.

              *          *          *          *          *

DEFERRAL ELECTION:

    In accordance with the National Semiconductor Corporation EOIP, I 
hereby elect to defer all or part of the Award as specified below, which 
Award would otherwise be paid to me under the terms of the KEIP.

     1.   Please defer ______% or $______ of my EOIP Award.  If the 
dollar amount selected is greater than the total EOIP Award, the entire 
Award will be deferred.

     2.   The amounts deferred will be payable on the earliest of:  
termination of employment for any reason (including retirement, 
disability, or death) or on ________________________ (specify pre-
selected distribution date at least one year after the 1995 Award Date.)

     3.   In the event of death, my primary beneficiary is:

                 _______________________________________________
                 (Print name)

Print address:   _______________________________________________

                 _______________________________________________

My secondary beneficiary (to receive benefits only in the event of death 
of my primary beneficiary) is:

                 _______________________________________________
                 (Print name)

Print address:   _______________________________________________

                 _______________________________________________

<PAGE>

I UNDERSTAND THIS ELECTION IS IRREVOCABLE FOR THE 1995 EOIP AWARD AND IS 
SUBJECT TO THE TERMS OF THE NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR EOIP DOCUMENT.


                                            Consent of spouse (required 
                                            for married participants 
                                            designating beneficiaries 
                                            other than spouse) 

Signature: _________________________     Signature______________________

Print Name: ________________________     Print Name:____________________

Date: ______________________________




Received  by National Semiconductor Corporation

Date: ________________________________

By: __________________________________

Print Name: __________________________

Title: ________________________________

<PAGE>

                              ATTACHMENT A **
Incentive
Award as          
% of               
Target    200%  
Award     Max    
                 
          150% 
                
                  
          100%  
                  
                  
          50%                            
                                                        
                                
                 
                             50%            150%            
              Threshold            Target    Superior 

     **  See narrative explanation for graphic material in Appendix 10.4

     Chart illustrates the manner in which awards are to be calculated 
under the Executive Officer Incentive Plan.  Achievement of performance 
against goals between the Threshold Level and fifty percent of Target 
Level results in an Incentive Award of 50% of Target, with the Committee 
having discretion to adjust downward when it deems appropriate.  
Similarly, performance levels against goals of between 50% and 100% 
result in an Incentive Award of 100% of Target, while performance 
against goals of between 100% and 150% result in an Incentive Award of 
150% of Target (in each case, subject to downward - but not upward - 
adjustment by the Committee). Finally, performance against goals of more 
than 150% will result in the maximum incentive award of 200% of target 
award, subject to downward adjustment.

     In summary, while the Plan formula sets the incentive awards upon 
achievement of each level of performance, the shaded areas of the chart 
reflect the areas of discretion on award payment that is vested with the 
Committee.

<PAGE>

                                                         Appendix 10.4

Narrative description of graphic and image material for items appearing
in exhibit 10.4 as required by Regulation S-T.

Line graph illustrating the example of Award Mechanism.  Contains a 
45 degree line from the (0,0) point.  The X and Y axis increase in 
increments of 50%.  The graph is in a step ladder fashion, using the 45 
degree line as a base, with the first step at (50%,50%), the second line 
at (100%, 100%) (which is considered a target point) and so on.  

<PAGE>
                                                            EXHIBIT 10.5 


                     NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION

                              STOCK OPTION PLAN
               (as amended and restated through April 22, 1994)



1.     TITLE OF PLAN

      The title of this Plan is the National Semiconductor Corporation 
Stock Option Plan, hereinafter referred to as the "Plan", and formerly 
known as the National Semiconductor Corporation 1977 Stock Option Plan.


2.     PURPOSE

      The Plan is intended to align the interests of eligible key 
employees of National Semiconductor Corporation (hereinafter called the 
"Corporation")  and its 
subsidiaries (as hereinafter defined) with the interests of the 
stockholders of the Corporation and to provide incentives for them to 
exert maximum efforts for the success of the Corporation.  By extending 
to key employees the opportunity to acquire proprietary interests in the 
Corporation and to participate in its success, the Plan may be expected 
to benefit the Corporation and its shareholders by making it possible 
for the Corporation to attract and retain the best available talent and 
by rewarding key management and technical personnel for their part in 
increasing the value of the Corporation's shares.  It is further 
intended that options granted pursuant to this Plan may be incentive 
stock options under Section 422A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, 
as amended (the "Code"), or may be options which are not incentive stock 
options (hereinafter called "non-qualified stock options").


3.     STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

      There will be reserved for issue upon the exercise of options 
granted under the Plan 32,754,929 shares of the Corporation's $.50 par 
value Common Stock, subject to adjustment as provided in Paragraph 8, 
which may be unissued shares, reacquired shares, or shares bought on the 
market.  If any option which shall have been granted shall expire or 
terminate for any reason (including, but not limited to cancellation by 
agreement in exchange for the grant of new option(s) under the Plan) 
without having been exercised in full, the unpurchased shares shall 
again become available for the purposes of the Plan (unless the Plan 
shall have been terminated).

<PAGE>

4.     ADMINISTRATION

      (a)     The Plan shall be administered by a committee of the Board 
of Directors of the Corporation (the "Committee") which shall be 
appointed by a majority of the whole Board.  The Committee shall be 
constituted to permit the Plan to comply with (i) Rule 16b-3 promulgated 
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("Exchange Act") and any 
successor rule and (ii) IRS regulations issued under Section 162(m) of 
the Code, and shall initially consist of not less than three members of 
the Board, all of whom are ineligible for benefits under the Plan and 
none of whom has been so eligible for at least one year prior to serving 
on such Committee.

      (b)     The Committee shall have the plenary power, subject to and  
within the limits of the express provisions of the Plan:

            (i)     To determine from time to time which of the eligible 
persons shall be granted options under the Plan; the time or times 
(during the term of the option) within which all or portions of each 
option may be exercised and the number of shares for which an option or 
options shall be granted to each of them.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, no person may be granted more than 500,000 options during any 
one fiscal year of the Company.

            (ii)     To construe and interpret the Plan and options 
granted under it, and to establish, amend, and revoke rules and 
regulations for its administration.  The Committee, in the exercise of 
this power, shall generally determine all questions of policy and 
expediency that may arise, may correct any defect, or supply any 
omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan or in any option 
agreement in a manner and to the extent it shall deem necessary or 
expedient to make the Plan fully effective.

            (iii)     To prescribe the terms and provisions of each 
option granted (which need not be identical).

            (iv)     To determine whether options granted shall be 
incentive stock options or non-qualified stock options.

            (v)     To determine whether options granted shall be 
transferable without consideration to immediate family members or family 
trusts for the benefit of optionee's immediate family members.  As used 
herein, "immediate family" means parents, spouses and children.

      (c)     The Committee may grant new options in exchange for the 
cancellation of stock options previously granted under the Plan or under 
any other stock option plan of the Corporation, and the purchase price 
of such new options shall be as determined by the Committee (and such 
purchase price may be lower than the purchase price of the cancelled 
options).

<PAGE>

5.     ELIGIBILITY

      Options may be granted only to regular salaried officers and key 
employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries.  The term 
"subsidiary" corporation shall mean any corporation in which the 
Corporation controls, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or 
more of the combined voting power of all classes of stock.  A director 
of the Corporation shall not be eligible for the benefits of the Plan 
unless such person also is a regular salaried employee of the 
Corporation and/or of any subsidiary.


6.     TERMS OF OPTION AND OPTION AGREEMENTS

      Each option shall be evidenced by a written Stock Option Agreement 
which may expressly identify the options as incentive stock options or 
as non-qualified stock options, and be in such form and contain such 
provisions as the Committee shall from time to time deem appropriate; 
provided, however, that the grant of a non-qualified option pursuant to 
this Plan shall in no way be construed to be an alternative to the right 
of an employee to purchase stock pursuant to any incentive stock option 
heretofore or hereafter granted to an employee pursuant  to any stock 
option plans now in existence or hereafter adopted by the Corporation.  
The terms of the option agreements need not be identical, but each 
option agreement shall include, by appropriate language, or be subject 
to, the substance of all of the applicable following provisions:

      (a)     The purchase price under each option granted shall be as 
determined by the Committee but shall in no instance be less than 100% 
of fair market value on the date of grant.  The fair market value on the 
date of grant shall be the opening price of the Common Stock on the New 
York Stock Exchange on such date (or if there shall be no trading on 
such date, then on the first previous date on which there is such 
trading).

      (b)     The maximum term of any incentive stock option shall be 
ten years from the date it was granted.

      (c)     The maximum term of any non-qualified stock option shall 
be ten years and one day from the date it was granted.

      (d)     An option may not be exercised to any extent, either by 
the person to whom it was granted or by the grantee's transferee, or by 
any person after the grantee's death, unless the person to whom the 
option was granted has remained in the continuous employ of the 
Corporation, or of a subsidiary, for not less than six months from the 
date when the option was granted.  Otherwise, each option shall be 
exercisable as determined by the Committee.

<PAGE>

      (e)     The Corporation, during the terms of options granted under 
the Plan, at all times will keep available the number of shares of stock 
required to satisfy such options.

      (f)     The Corporation will seek to obtain from each regulatory 
commission or agency having jurisdiction such authority as may be 
required to issue and sell shares of stock to satisfy such options.  
Inability of the Corporation to obtain from any such regulatory 
commission or agency authority which counsel for the Corporation deems 
necessary for the lawful issuance and sale of its stock to satisfy such 
options shall relieve the Corporation from any liability for failure to 
issue and sell stock to satisfy such options pending the time when such 
authority is obtained or is obtainable.

      (g)     Neither a person to whom an option is granted nor his or 
her transferee, legal representative, heir, legatee, or distributee, 
shall be deemed to be the holder of, or to have any of the rights of a 
holder with respect to, any shares subject to such option unless and 
until he has exercised his option pursuant to the terms thereof.

      (h)     In order to be exempt under Section 16 of the Exchange 
Act, the option may not be transferable except by will or by the laws of 
descent or distribution, and during the lifetime of the person to whom 
the option is granted he or she alone may exercise it.

      (i)     An option shall terminate and may not be exercised if the 
person to whom it is granted ceases to be continuously employed by  the 
Corporation, or by a subsidiary of the Corporation, except (subject 
nevertheless to the last sentence of this subparagraph (h)):  (1) if the 
grantee's continuous employment is terminated for any reason other than 
(i) retirement, (ii) permanent disability, or (iii) death, the grantee 
or the grantee's transferee may exercise the option to the extent that 
the grantee was entitled to exercise such option at the date of such 
termination at any time within a period of three (3) months following 
the date of such termination, or if the grantee shall die within the 
period of three (3) months following the date of such termination 
without having exercised such option, the option may be exercised within 
a period of one year following the grantee's death by the grantee's 
transferee or the person or persons to whom the grantee's rights under 
the option pass by will or by the laws of descent or distribution but 
only to the extent exercisable at the date of such termination; (2) if 
the grantee's continuous employment is terminated by (i) retirement, 
(ii) permanent disability, or (iii) death, the option may be exercised 
in accordance with its terms and conditions at any time within a period 
of five (5) years following the date of such termination by the grantee 
or the grantee's transfer, or in the event of the grantee's death, by 
the persons to whom the grantee's rights under the option shall pass by 
will or by the laws of descent or distribution; (3) if the grantee's 
continuous employment 

<PAGE>

is terminated and within a period od ninety (90)
days thereafter the grantee is recalled to the active payroll, the 
Committee may reinstate any portion of the option previously granted but 
not exercised.  Nothing contained in this subparagraph (h) is intended 
to extend the stated term of the option and in no event may an 
option be exercised by anyone after the expiration of its stated term.

      (j)     Option agreements evidencing incentive stock options shall 
contain such terms and provisions as may be necessary to render them 
incentive stock options pursuant to Section 422A of the Code and the 
Income Tax Regulation thereunder, as the same or any successor statute 
or regulations may at the time be in effect.

      (k)     Nothing in this Plan or in any option granted hereunder 
shall confer on any optionee any right to continue in the employ of the 
Corporation or any of its subsidiaries, or to interfere in any way with 
the right of the Corporation or any of its subsidiaries to terminate his 
employment at any time.


7.     TIME OF GRANTING OPTION

      The Committee shall determine the date on which options are 
granted under the Plan.  All options granted must be approved at a 
meeting of the Committee by a majority of the members of the Committee.  
If an option agreement is not executed by an employee and returned to 
the Corporation on or prior to ninety (90) days after the date the 
option is granted (or such earlier date as the Committee may specify), 
such option shall terminate.


8.     ADJUSTMENT IN NUMBER OF SHARES AND IN OPTION PRICE

      In the event there is any change in the shares of the  Corporation 
through the declaration of stock dividends or a stock split-up, or 
through recapitalization resulting in share split-ups, or combinations 
or exchanges of shares, or otherwise, the number of shares available for 
option, as well as the shares subject to any option and the option price 
thereof, shall be appropriately adjusted by the Committee.


9.     PAYMENT OF PURCHASE PRICE AND WITHHOLDING TAXES

      (a)     The purchase price for all shares purchased pursuant to 
options exercised must be either paid in full in cash, or paid in full, 
with the consent of the Committee, in Common Stock of the Corporation 
valued at fair market value on the date of exercise or a combination of 
cash and Common Stock.  Fair market value on the date of exercise is the 
opening price of the Common Stock  

<PAGE>

on the New York Stock Exchange on such
date, or if there shall be no trading on such date, then on the first 
previous date which there was such trading.

      (b)     The Committee may permit the payment of all or part of the 
applicable withholding taxes due upon exercise of an option, up to the 
highest marginal rates then in effect, by the withholding of shares 
otherwise issuable upon exercise of the option.  Option shares withheld 
in payment of such taxes shall be valued at the 
fair market value of the Corporation's Common Stock on the date of 
exercise as defined herein.


10.     CHANGE IN CONTROL

      In the event the Corporation is merged into or acquired by another 
entity in a transaction involving a change in control, the Committee 
shall have the complete authority and discretion, but not the 
obligation, to accelerate the vesting of any outstanding options granted 
hereunder.  The Committee may also ask the Board of Directors to 
negotiate, as part of any agreement involving a sale or merger of the 
Corporation, a sale of substantially all the Corporation's assets or 
similar transaction, terms providing protection for employees holding 
options under the Plan.


11.     AMENDMENT, SUSPENSION, OR TERMINATION OF THE PLAN

      (a)     The Board may amend, modify, suspend or terminate the Plan 
for the purpose of meeting or addressing any changes in legal 
requirements or for any other purpose permitted by law.  The Board will 
seek stockholder approval of an amendment if determined to be required 
by or advisable under regulations of the Securities and Exchange 
Commission or the Internal Revenue Service, the rules of any stock 
exchange on which the Corporation's stock is listed, or other applicable 
law or regulation.

      (b)     The Plan shall continue in effect until all shares 
available for issuance under the Plan have been issued.  An option may 
not be granted while the Plan is suspended or after it is terminated.

      (c)     The rights and obligations under any options granted while 
the Plan is in effect shall not be altered or impaired by amendment, 
suspension or termination of the Plan, except with the consent of the 
person to whom the option was granted or the grantee's transferee or to 
whom rights under an option shall have passed by will or by the laws of 
descent and distribution.


12.     EFFECTIVE DATE

      The Plan, as amended and restated, shall become effective on April 
22, 1994, subject to approval by the stockholders of the Corporation 
within twelve (12) months after said date.

<PAGE>
                                                          EXHIBIT 10.7

                                                      November 30, 1993


Mr. Donald Macleod
Senior Vice President - Finance
National Semiconductor Corporation
P.O. Box 58090
Santa Clara, CA 95052

Re:    Fee Withholding Authorization
Dated April 20, 1989

Dear Mr. Macleod:

      This will confirm our agreement with respect to modification of 
the above-referenced director fee withholding authorization, a copy of 
which is attached to this letter.  Effective as of November 1, 1993, 
National Semiconductor Corporation (the "Company") will withhold payment 
only of that portion of the fees payable to me as Chairman of the Board 
that is necessary to cover accrued interest on my outstanding lcan (the 
"Loan") evidenced by that certain Promissory Note dated April 20, 1989.  
The remaining amount of such fees, including fees payable for attendance 
at Board and Committee meetings, will be paid directly to me in the same 
manner as paid to other directors of the Company.

      In consideration of this modification of the withholding 
arrangement, I hereby confirm that I will use my best efforts to repay 
the Loan in full on or prior to July 1, 1994.  In particular, in the 
event that Wave Systems Corp. successfully completes an underwritten 
public offering of its common stock and I am relieved prior to that date 
of any "lock-up" restrictions negotiated in connection with such an 
offering, I agree to use by best efforts to sell a sufficient amount of 
my Wave Systems Corp. holdings to pay down the Loan in full.  I further 
understand and agree that in the event the Loan has not been repaid by 
July 1, 1994, the attached April 20, 1989, withholding authorization 
shall once again become effective.

      Please confirm your agreement to the foregoing by signing and 
returning the enclosed copy of this letter.


                                         Very truly yours,


                                            //s// PETER J. SPRAGUE
                                            Peter J. Sprague
                                            249 Undermountain Road
                                            Lenox, MA 01240


Understood and agreed:

NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORPORATION


//s// DONALD MACLEOD
Donald Macleod
Senior Vice President-Finance and CFO

<PAGE>

                                                          EXHIBIT 10.14



                          CONSULTING AGREEMENT

      This Agreement is entered into as of the 1st day of October, 1993, 
by and between National Semiconductor Corporation, a Delaware 
corporation ("NSC"), and Harry H. Wetzel, 2000 Washington Street, #7, 
San Francisco, CA  94109 ("WETZEL").

      WHEREAS, WETZEL served as a member of the Board of Directors of 
NSC from 1978 through September 30, 1993;

      WHEREAS, NSC desires to have WETZEL provide consulting services on 
a non-exclusive basis, as requested by NSC; and

      WHEREAS, WETZEL is willing to provide such services on the 
following terms and conditions;

      NOW, THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:


      1.     SERVICES

            WETZEL shall provide such consulting services and render 
such advice with respect to the business and operations of NSC as NSC 
shall request during the term hereof.  In providing such services, 
WETZEL will report to the President and Chief Executive Officer of NSC 
and will look to him for all general and specific direction in providing 
such services.


      2.     TERM

            The term of this Agreement shall be eight (8) years, 
commencing on October 1, 1993, and terminating on September 30, 2001, 
unless earlier terminated by WETZEL giving not less than thirty (30) 
days written notice.  This Agreement shall not be terminated by NSC 
except in the event of willful misconduct by WETZEL in the performance 
of services hereunder.


      3.     COMPENSATION; EXPENSES

            As compensation for the services provided by WETZEL to NSC 
during the term of this Agreement, NSC agrees to pay WETZEL as follows:

<PAGE>

            (a)     For the consulting services provided by WETZEL, the 
sum of $20,000 annually, payable in twelve (12) 
monthly installments of $1,666.66; and

            (b)     Reimbursement of all documented out-of-pocket 
expenses incurred by WETZEL in providing such 
services.


      4.     INDEMNIFICATION

            To the extent permitted by law, NSC agrees to indemnify and 
hold harmless WETZEL from and against any and all losses, claims, 
damages or liabilities, including all reasonable attorney's fees on an 
as incurred basis, to which WETZEL may become subject as a result of 
providing services under this Agreement; provided, however, that NSC 
shall not be responsible for any such loss, claim, damages or liability 
which results from the willful misconduct or bad faith of WETZEL while 
performing such services. 

      5.     ARBITRATION

            Any controversy or dispute between the parties under this 
Agreement, or related to the transactions contemplated hereunder, shall 
be submitted to arbitration before a panel of three (3) arbitrators 
sitting in San Francisco, California, and operating under the auspices 
of the American Arbitration Association pursuant to its Commercial 
Rules.  The majority decision of the arbitrators shall be final, binding 
and conclusive upon the parties and judgment may be entered thereon in 
any Federal or state court having jurisdiction.  Unless the decision of 
the arbitrator shall otherwise direct, the parties shall bear equally 
the costs and expenses of arbitration and each party shall bear its own 
expenses, including the professional fees of its own counsel and expert 
witnesses.  The parties shall proceed with any arbitration hereunder 
expeditiously and shall use their reasonable best efforts to conclude 
any such arbitration proceeding in order that a decision may be rendered 
within ninety (90) days from the service of the demand for arbitration 
by the initiating party.

<PAGE>

      6.     GOVERNING LAW

            This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the 
laws of the State of California.



NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR                                   HARRY H. WETZEL
   CORPORATION


By: //JOHN M. CLARK III                        By: //s// HARRY H. WETZEL

<PAGE>

                                                           EXHIBIT 10.15

      PREFERRED LIFE INSURANCE PROGRAM


THE PLAN

The Preferred Life Insurance program is an executive bonus benefit where 
each executive owns a permanent life insurance policy on his life.  The 
program has been designed so that cost (in most cases) to both National 
Semiconductor and each executive is equivalent to the current group life 
insurance plan in force.  The preferred insurance plan provides 
executives the following benefits:

o   Enhanced life insurance at cost comparable to term life insurance

o   Enhanced flexibility for planning purposes (for details, see 
enclosed brochures)

o   Policy can be continued upon retirement or termination (i.e., 
complete portability)

o   Can have a paid-for policy at retirement (additional premium 
required)

o   The ability to have third-party ownership (i.e., Irrevocable Life 
Insurance Trust)


THE PRODUCT

UltraSpanPrime, an innovative product blending the best features of term 
insurance and universal life insurance designed to provide you with 
exceptional value at a low cost.

<PAGE>

THE COMPANY

Chubb Life Insurance Company of America is a member of the Chubb Group 
of Insurance Companies, one of the largest diversified financial 
organizations in North America.

      Admitted Assets:          1.65 Billion
      Standard & Poors Rating:  AAA (Superior)
      A.M. Best Ratings:        A+ (Superior)
      Weiss Research:           A- (Recommended)

Capital & Surplus is equal to 19.4% of assets, one of the highest in the 
industry.

<PAGE>

                                                            Exhibit 24.0


                            POWER OF ATTORNEY



          KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned 
persons hereby constitutes and appoints Gilbert F. Amelio, Donald 
Macleod, and John M. Clark III, and each of them singly, his true and 
lawful attorney-in-fact and in his name, place, and stead, and in any 
and all of his offices and capacities with National Semiconductor 
Corporation (the "Company"), to sign the Annual Report on Form 10-K for 
the Company's 1994 fiscal year, and any  and all amendments to said 
Annual Report on Form 10-K, and generally to do and perform all things 
and acts necessary or advisable in connection therewith, and each of the 
undersigned hereby ratifies and confirms all that each of said 
attorneys-in-fact may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has hereunto 
executed this Power of Attorney as of the date set forth opposite his 
signature.

               SIGNATURE                               DATE

/S/GILBERT F. AMELIO                                   July 13 , 1994
- - --------------------
         Gilbert F. Amelio


/S/PETER J. SPRAGUE                                    July 13 , 1994
- - -------------------
         Peter J. Sprague


/S/GARY P. ARNOLD                                      July 13 , 1994
- - -----------------
         Gary P. Arnold


/S/ROBERT BESHAR                                       July 13 , 1994
- - ----------------
         Robert Beshar


/S/MODESTO A. MAIDIQUE                                 July 13 , 1994
- - ----------------------
         Modesto A. Maidique


/S/ J. TRACY O'ROURKE                                  July 13 , 1994
- - ---------------------
         J. Tracy O'Rourke


/S/CHARLES E. SPORCK                                   July 13 , 1994
- - --------------------
         Charles E. Sporck


/S/DONALD E. WEEDEN                                    July 13 , 1994
- - -------------------
         Donald E. Weeden


/S/DONALD MACLEOD                                      July 13 , 1994
- - -----------------
         Donald Macleod


/S/ROBERT B. MAHONEY                                   July 13 , 1994
- - --------------------
         Robert B. Mahoney





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
