-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 mcE80bPl3+Ovh/i5Xx0h9YW/vRDxIHn/iP9Ic5ldu4kJOpNwjdGqo0EOF4kDwrsP
 5IdoncDMfczauSWxGMZcVg==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950112-94-002605.txt : 19941005
<IMS-HEADER>0000950112-94-002605.hdr.sgml : 19941005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950112-94-002605
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940930
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORP/DE
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000749038
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3571
		IRS NUMBER:				042735766
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-13150
		FILM NUMBER:		94551040

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 CRECENT PLACE
		CITY:			OCEANPORT
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07757
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9088704500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2 CRECENT PLACE
		CITY:			OCEANPORT
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07757

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MASSACHUSETTS COMPUTER CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19881018
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
<TEXT>


                   SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                         WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549
                                     
                                FORM 10-K
                                         (Mark One)
        ____X______    ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                       SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [Fee Required]
  
  For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994
  or
   _________  Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of
              the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 [No Fee Reqired]
  
  For the Transition Period From _________ to __________
  
  Commission file number 0-13150
  
                       CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
          (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
              
            Delaware                              04-2735766
   (State of Incorporation)          (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
  
              2 Crescent Place, Oceanport, NJ 07757, (908) 870-4500
         (Address and telephone number of principal executive offices)
  
         Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                   Common Stock (par value $0.01 per share)
  
                           (Title of class)
         
  Indicate by check mark whether Registrant (1) has filed all reports
  required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
  1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
  Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
  such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes _X_ No ___
  
     As of September 23, 1994,  there were 30,208,396 shares of Common Stock
  outstanding.  The aggregate market value of shares of such Common Stock 
  (based upon  the last sale price of $1.625 of a share as reported for such 
  date on the Nasdaq National Market System) held by non-affiliates (i.e.,
  shares held by other than entities identified as beneficial owners of more
  than 5% of the Common Stock and, without determining such status, including
  shares held by directors and executive officers of the Company) was 
  approximately $38,252,704.
  
     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 
  405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained,
  to the best of registrant's  knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
  statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any 
  amendment to this  Form 10-K.  [ x ]
  
                  DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
                                    
     Certain portions of Registrant's Proxy Statement dated October 1, 1994 in
  connection with Registrant's 1994 Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to
  be held on November 3, 1994 are incorporated by reference in Part III hereof.
  
<PAGE>
                                 PART I

Item 1. BUSINESS

  (a) General Development of Business

  Concurrent Computer Corporation ("Concurrent" or the "Company")
is the world's leading provider of high-performance real-time
computer systems and services, based on 1993 net sales of companies
focused on providing real-time systems.  A "real-time" system must
be able to meet guaranteed rapid response times, acquire, process,
store and display large amounts of rapidly changing data as the
changes occur, and have high system reliability.  Concurrent has
over 25 years of experience in real- time systems, including
specific expertise in systems, applications software, productivity
tools and networking.  Its systems provide real-time applications
for gaming, simulation, air traffic control, weather analysis and
mission critical data services such as financial market
information.

  (b) Financial Information About Industry Segments

  The Company considers its products to be one class of products
which accounted for 50.8%, 55.1% and  53.0% of total revenues in
the 1994, 1993 and 1992 fiscal years, respectively.  Service and
other operating revenues (including maintenance, support and
training) accounted for 49.2%, 44.9% and 47.0% of total revenues in
the 1994, 1993 and  1992 fiscal years, respectively.

  Financial information about the Company's foreign operations is
included in Note 16 to the financial statements included herein. 
The Company's Tokyo-based subsidiary, a joint venture with Nippon
Steel Corporation, provides for marketing and sales in the Japanese
market and accounted for approximately $11.8 million in net sales
6.7% for the 1994 fiscal year.  The Company and Nippon Steel
Corporation consider the renewal of the joint venture agreement on
an annual basis, which was recently renewed through the end of
fiscal year 1995. 

  (c) Narrative Description of Business

  Concurrent's vision is to be the premier supplier of high
technology real-time computer systems and services through customer
focus, total quality and the rapid development of standard and
custom products with the objective of strong, profitable growth.
Real-time systems concurrently acquire, analyze, store, display and
control within a predictable time, analog, digital and network data
to provide time critical information as real world events occur.

  Concurrent decentralized and restructured its operations in
January 1994 to achieve its vision and objective of strong, 
profitable growth. The restructured organization focuses on the
customer through a Field Operations organization combining all
sales and services functions staffed with additional support
functions such as contracts, finance and human resources. All other
functions (manufacturing, development and engineering, marketing,
business development, finance, law, human resources, quality and
program management) are considered corporate Operations with Field
Operations as their number one customer. In an environment
encouraging constant improvement consistent with the Company's
Basic Beliefs (a credo for a worldwide organization operating to
the highest standards of ethics, quality and teamwork to generate
profits and long-term vitality of the business), the Company
believes the restructuring has resulted in greater customer focus,
process improvement and more efficient allocation of resources.
Successful strategic alliances will be instrumental in achieving
the objective of strong, profitable growth.

  Concurrent has over 25 years of real-time systems experience,
including specific design, development and manufacturing expertise
in systems, applications software, productivity tools and
networking. Concurrent's real-time systems offer networked and
distributed computing solutions which include software controlled
configurations to provide fault tolerance. The Company sells its
systems worldwide to end-users as well as to original equipment
manufacturers, systems integrators, independent software vendors
and value-added resellers who combine the Company's products with
other equipment or with additional application software for resale
to end-users. End uses of the Company's systems include product
design and testing; flight simulation; head end servers for cable
networks; 

                                  -1-

<PAGE>
power plant simulation; air traffic control and weather
forecasting; intelligence data acquisition and analysis; financial
trading; lottery/gaming; automated mass transit control and
hospital information management.

  The Company designs, manufactures, sells, and supports real-time
proprietary systems and standards-based open systems. The Company
has a long and successful history and a core competency of
customizing its systems with both specialized hardware and software
to meet unique customer requirements. It also offers worldwide,
traditional hardware and software maintenance and  support services
("Traditional Services") and professional services, such as
performance and capacity analysis, system migration and systems
integration ("Professional Services"). The Company routinely offers
long term service and support of its products for up to fifteen
years. Currently, Traditional Services and Professional Services
account for approximately 95% and 5%, respectively, of total
service revenues. The Company anticipates a shift in end-user
demand from proprietary to open systems and, accordingly, has
developed a strategy to be the premier supplier of high technology
real-time computer systems and services through customer focus,
total quality and the rapid development of standard open and custom
products. The Company's strategy requires that it upgrade and 
service its proprietary computing platforms while investing heavily
in developing its real-time open system computing platforms. The
Company is also leveraging its investment in research and
development and enhancing market penetration through strategic
alliances.

  In October 1993, the Company introduced its new MAXION 
multiprocessor system, its next generation open system based on the
new MIPS R4400 reduced instruction set (RISC) microprocessor. This
new system supports Concurrent's real-time enhanced UNIX operating
system including real-time extensions to the UNIX SVR4.2
multiprocessor operating system through a partnership with the
Novell UNIX Systems Group. The Company also introduced in October
1993, a new proprietary high-end Series 3200 multiprocessing
system, the Model 3200-850. This new system is an upgrade to
Concurrent's Model 3280 MPS and MicroFive MPS systems. Full-scale
production shipments of the new MAXION system and the new Model
3200-850 system began on schedule during the quarter ended March
31, 1994.

Markets

  The Company focuses its business on its installed base of
proprietary systems and five strategic target markets and alternate
channels for its open systems. Although its installed base of
proprietary systems is currently its largest market, accounting for
approximately 75% of total systems sales for fiscal year 1994, the
growth of the business and the long-term financial performance of
the Company will depend largely on its ability to continue to
develop and market industry-leading real-time open systems such as
its MAXION multiprocessor system. The Company believes the MAXION
system has strengthened its competitive position. The Company is
focusing on the target markets because of their growth potential
for networked and distributed real-time open systems and because of
Concurrent's experience in meeting customer requirements.

  Concurrent's strategic target markets include its proprietary
systems installed base, multimedia communications, simulation and
training, weather and airspace management, wagering and gaming, and
data acquisition, analysis and control. Summaries of these markets
follows:

  Series 3200 Systems Installed Base. Concurrent's reputation in
the industry is largely attributable to its proprietary real-time
computing systems. Now in their fifth generation, these proprietary
systems meet customers' needs in extremely demanding real-time
environments. Many of the applications using the Series 3200
systems, including the U.S. Department of Commerce's Next
Generation Radar (NEXRAD) program, are unique with long life cycles
and "mission critical" demands and are the result of a significant
investment in application software by the customer. The Company's
goal is to work with these customers so that they can maximize
their return on investment and to assure them a competitive total
cost of ownership through Professional Services  and products that
provide compatible upgrade paths. The Company considers its Series
3200 customer base a critical market and is committed to meeting
the needs of this installed base regardless of whether the
customer's application is related to the target niche markets
listed below. The first production units of the Company's next
generation higher performance Series 3200-850 proprietary system
were shipped in the quarter ended March 31, 1994.

                                  -2-

<PAGE>
          Multimedia Communications.  Concurrent has identified the
network server resident in multimedia interactive applications as
a business opportunity where its Maxion multiprocessor systems
offer unique advantages.  Concurrent's strategy is to position
itself as a supplier of communication server technology for these
interactive, time critical video/image on demand applications. 
This horizontal strategy focuses on a range of applications having
requirements where the Maxion system offers price performance and
a technical competitive advantage.  Concurrent has targeted a
number of initial multimedia markets that include both business to
business applications (e.g., financial information servers,
telemedicine and simulation and training) and business to consumer
applications (e.g., interactive gaming and interactive home
shopping).  These interactive applications require fast response,
medium to high system compute capabilities, high network bandwidth
and high disk input/output bandwidth, all areas in which the Maxion
system technology offers unique advantages over competing systems. 
Concurrent is seeking a strategic partner to provide market
presence and additional financial resources to exploit
opportunities using Concurrent's Maxion system technology in
multimedia networks.

         Simulation and Training.  Concurrent is a recognized leader in
real-time systems for simulation and training, particularly for
flight simulation, nuclear power plant operations training,
military battle management training and command and control
analysis.  The Company's Maxion system architecture is uniquely
positioned to satisfy the trend in the simulation and training
industry towards a networked and interactive environment in which
training simulators are networked with other training simulators to
represent a virtual reality interactive environment.  Maxion
systems are being used by customers to create this virtual reality
networked and interactive simulation and training environment.

  Weather and Airspace Management. Air traffic control and weather
analysis and forecasting require the ability to gather, analyze and
display continuous flows of information from simultaneous sources
and distribute them electronically. This market demands real-time
computing solutions because there is little or no margin for error
where lives and property are at risk. Concurrent  offers a fault-
tolerant system with the ability to simultaneously provide high
throughput, high speed graphics, deterministic response and
computational capacity for these demanding applications. The
Company provides the computer systems which power the computing
requirements for the Department of  Commerce's highly regarded Next
Generation Radar (NEXRAD) weather program. The Company's success in
this market has led to significant sales accomplishments with the
U.S. Navy and the U.S. Air Force and to an international joint
marketing agreement with Lockheed Corporation to market a series of
jointly developed meteorological commercial open systems to weather
systems users worldwide.

         Wagering and Gaming.  Concurrent is a leading provider of
systems for the wagering and gaming industry.  Concurrent has
provided the processing systems for the wagering and gaming
industry's largest provider of public lottery systems (GTech) and
the majority of tabulator (off-track betting) systems in Australia
and Asia/Pacific.  In both applications, the number of simultaneous
users is measured in thousands with data analysis required in real-
time.  High system availability is assured using Concurrent's Fault
Tolerant Network Computing remote network-based and redundant
system architecture.

  Data Acquisition, Analysis and Control. Concurrent is a leading
supplier of systems to users requiring simultaneous multi-channel
acquisition, processing, display and archiving of analog and
digital signals at throughput rates in excess of 1 million samples
per second, in stand-alone or networked environments. Engineers and
scientists use the systems to collect, control, analyze and
distribute test data from multiple high speed data sources.
Concurrent, together with its value-added resellers, provides both
programming development tools and complete solutions for
applications such as engine and turbine testing, vibration control
and flight and aerodynamics analysis. The Company believes that it
is a leading supplier of real-time systems used for intelligence
data acquisition and processing. The Company's balanced system
performance combined with graphics and data acquisition also
provide solutions for applications in communications and
electronic, acoustic and image intelligence.

Products and Services

  The Company considers its products and services a total package
to provide complete value-added real-time solutions. The Company
offers two types of systems, proprietary and open, as well as
Traditional Services and Professional Services.

                                  -3-

<PAGE>
  Series 3200 Real-Time Proprietary Systems. The Company has a
large installed base of its Series 3200 real-time proprietary
systems. A central feature of the Company's strategic plan is to
work closely with these existing proprietary system users to meet
their needs for improvements and upgrades and, should they decide
to switch to a real-time open system, to be their vendor of choice.
The Series 3200 system product line uses the Company's proprietary
OS/32 operating system and processor technology. Below is a list of
the Company's current proprietary systems product offerings.
Performance currently ranges from 3.9 to 70 MIPS (million
instructions per second) and price ranges from $55,000 to
approximately $1.3 million.  The Company's 3200-850  system was
introduced in October 1993 with the first production units shipped
on schedule in the quarter ended March 31, 1994.


                        Series 3200 Product Line

                        Performance           Typical Price
Model                     (MIPS)*                 Range

3200-400/A                  3.9                  $55,000
3200-400                    3.9                  $65,000
3200-600                6.8 to 35.6       $160,000 to $585,000
3280                    6.4 to 35.6       $300,000 to $900,000
3200-650               13.6 to 35.6       $230,000 to $570,000
3280E                    6.4 to 70       $360,000 to $1,350,000
3200-850**             13.6 to 35.6       $330,000 to $810,000

*MIPS - Million Instructions Per Second
**MIPS rate is the same but delivered performance increases
dramatically over 3200-650

    UNIX-Based Real-Time Open Systems. The emergence of industry-
standard operating systems, high-performance microprocessors and
networking technology has dramatically lowered the cost of
providing real-time open systems to the marketplace, thus greatly
expanding the universe of potential real-time systems purchasers.
The Company plans to capitalize on  this trend by focusing on its
target markets and alternate channels as well as by developing
internally or arranging strategic alliances with third parties to
bring to market new solutions and software applications for new and
existing customers. The current product line uses the Company's
real-time UNIX (RTU ) operating system with the processor
technology identified below. Performance currently ranges from 3 to
420 SPECmarks with typical price ranging from $22,000 to
approximately $516,000. The MAXION multiprocessor system, the first
model of the Company's new next-generation open systems using the
MIPS R4400 microprocessor, was introduced in October 1993.
                                    
                        Open Systems Product Line
                                    
                    Performance             Typical Price          Processor
Model              (SPECMarks)*                 Range             Technology
7150                 11 to 21            $24,725 to $ 68,725        MC68040
7250                 11 to 21            $36,495 to $ 75,505        MC68040
7550                 11 to 21            $44,295 to $143,305        MC68040
7552                 11 to 21            $52,495 to $151,505        MC68040
MAXION        105 to 420 (estimated)     $24,995 to $148,900      MIPS R4400
 
*SPECMarks - Independently developed industry standard benchmark.


                                  -4-

<PAGE>
  Traditional Services. One of the largest benefits to the Company
of its extensive installed customer base is the large and generally
predictable revenue stream generated from Traditional Services.
While Traditional Services revenue has declined and is expected to
further decline as a result of the industry shift to open systems,
the Company expects this business to be a significant source of
revenues and cash flow for the foreseeable future. The Company
offers a variety of service and support programs to meet the
customer's maintenance needs for both its hardware and software
products. The Company also offers contract service for selected
third party equipment. The service and support programs offered by
Concurrent include spare parts sales, rentals and exchanges and
used goods sales; diagnostic and repair service; resident service;
and preventive maintenance. The Company routinely offers long term
service and support of its products for up to fifteen years. The
Company has approximately 650 employees in its worldwide Field
Operations providing and supporting Traditional and Professional
Services.

  Professional Services. Professional Services accounted for
approximately $4 million or approximately 5% of total service
revenues for fiscal year 1994. The growth of the Company's business
and its long-term financial performance will depend, in part, on
its ability to grow Professional Services. The Company's strategic
plan emphasizes Professional Services which will utilize the
Company's expertise in UNIX-based real-time open systems, data
acquisition and graphics as well as its traditional strengths of
systems integration, custom hardware design and packaging, data
communications and program management. Customers often purchase
Professional Services together with a real-time computing system
and the services are targeted at vertical niches as part of a
customized total solution offering. Professional Services include
education and training; application development; software and
system integration; network planning, design,  integration and
implementation; and performance training and measurement.
Additionally, the Company has a long and successful history of
customizing its systems with both specialized hardware and software
to meet unique customer requirements.

Systems and Technology

  Concurrent has made a considerable investment in developing its
product lines and today offers computer systems satisfying a broad
range of high-performance requirements for real-time applications.
Both the Company's proprietary and open systems incorporate a wide
range of integrated capabilities, including operating systems,
languages, distributed computing and  networking, data acquisition,
graphics, system software and application software.  The Company's
open systems, particularly the Maxion multiprocessor system, are
designed to incorporate widely accepted industry-standard
technologies. Below is a summary of some of the features of
Concurrent's real-time systems and technology.

  Distributed Computing & Networking. Concurrent's fault-tolerant
distributed computing and networking system architecture allows a
user's real-time application to operate in a heterogeneous network
in conjunction with other computer operating systems. Distributed
features can be used to deploy computing resources to meet, in
real-time, the ebb and flow of real world demands on the system.
The Company's networked computing lets users choose and design a
fault-tolerant solution which is scalable to the level of fault
tolerance required and uses the Company's Fault-Tolerant Networked
Computing (FTNC) software products.

  System Software. The Company's real-time operating systems
software (OS/32 and RTU) operates within a distributed architecture
to provide multiprocessing, preemptive scheduling and deterministic
event notification. This allows applications to be constantly in
touch with moment-to-moment user demands and to provide the
guaranteed response times that are a critical requirement of real-
time applications.

  Hardware Architecture. An increasing portion of Concurrent's open
system hardware architecture uses industry-standard components and
technology to provide exceptional price/performance and real-time
features in an open system. Real-time hardware is designed to
ensure scalable high-performance processing, using state-of-the-art
CISC (complex instruction set computing) and RISC (reduced
instruction set computing) technology. For example, the Company's
Series 7000 open systems product line features support for VME bus-
based I/O (input/output) with data throughput of 39 MB/second per
VME64 bus and integrated precision timers for fast response. The
Company's new next-generation Maxion open system is based on the
MIPS R4400 microprocessor providing superior throughput and high-
speed event detection. Concurrent's proprietary system hardware
architecture is based on a custom CISC 



                                  -5-

<PAGE>
architecture designed for scalable real-time application requirements.
The Company's next-generation proprietary Series 3200-850 system is designed to
achieve even higher performance using a similar architecture.

  Graphics. Powerful graphics are essential in many real-time
applications. In addition to offering its own applications,
Concurrent's open systems graphics strategy is to work with
suppliers to integrate powerful graphics systems into its
distributed architecture to maximize display responsiveness without
adversely impacting processing. The Company's graphics interfaces
are standards-based "windows" environments with real-time
enhancements.

  Data Acquisition. The Company's open systems platform provides 
integrated, multi-source data acquisition systems that it believes
are superior to systems of other providers at acquiring, analyzing
and displaying high volumes of complex data, in real-time. Through
a scalable front end architecture, users can interface application-
specific devices while having a growth path to take advantage of
emerging technologies.

  Productivity Tools. Concurrent's software productivity tools are
tailored to optimize the productivity of application development
and operations staffs, offering computer-assisted software
engineering (CASE) tools and language systems via user interfaces
with graphics. Likewise, real-time performance monitoring and
tuning tools provide information about the utilization of the
application and the ability to optimize the application and
eliminate bottlenecks.

Management

  Executive officers of Concurrent are elected by the Board of
Directors to hold office until their successors have been chosen
and qualified or until earlier resignation or removal. Set forth
below are the names, positions and ages of the Company's executive
officers as of the September 28, 1994 Form 10-K filing date:
                                                                  Director or  
                                                                    Executive  
Name                   Position                            Age       Officer    
- - ----                   --------                            ---    -----------
                                                                               
John T. Stihl          Chairman of the Board, President    61       1991
                       Chief Executive Officer                                 
                       Acting Chief Financial Officer (1)                   
                                                                               
George E. Chapman      Vice President, Marketing           60       1994        
                                                                               
David S. Cowie         Vice President,                     47       1993        
                       Development and Engineering                             
                                                                               
Kevin J. Dell          Vice President, General Counsel                         
                       and                                 38       1993        
                       Assistant Secretary                                     
                                                                               
Robert S. Kovarcik     Vice President, Manufacturing       47       1994       
                                                                               
Thomas D. Robinson     Vice President, Field Operations    49       1992        
                                                                               
David L. Vienneau      Vice President, Human Resources     40       1994      

(1) Effective September 16, 1994, James P. McCloskey (former vice
         president, finance and treasurer, chief financial officer)
         accepted an offer to join a company in an unrelated industry and
         stepped down as an employee of the Company.

  John T. Stihl, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief 
Executive Officer, Director. Mr. Stihl was elected to the
additional positions of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer in August 1993 (continuing as President).  As of September
19, 1994, he is serving as acting Chief Financial Officer until
that position is filled.  In April 1992 he was elected President
and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to that he served as 

                                  -6-

<PAGE>
Executive Vice President of the Company, a position to which he was
elected upon joining the Company in May 1991. In 1988, after retiring
as a Major General from the United States Air Force, he was elected
President and Chief Executive Officer of G&H Technology, Inc., a
division of Penn Central Corporation, which designs, develops,
manufactures and markets electromechanical components for the
defense and aerospace industries. His experience includes over 20
years in high level executive positions with the United States Air
Force managing large scale telecommunications, computer and air
traffic control operations, including from 1986 to 1988, commander
(CEO) of the 58,000 persons worldwide, Air Force Communications
Command, headquartered at Scott Air Force Base, Illinois. Prior to
his retirement, he had been an officer in the United States Air
Force since 1955.

  George E. Chapman, Vice President, Marketing. Mr. Chapman was
elected to this position in January 1994. He joined Concurrent in
1992 as Director, Business Development for Weather and Airspace
Management. In 1988, after retiring as a Brigadier General from the
United States Air Force, he joined Lockheed Corporation's Austin
Division as Senior Staff Engineer working toward the worldwide
commercial application of high technoogy systems developed for the
U.S. Government.  In December 1989, he received an appointment as
Executive Director to the newly legislated Texas Workers
Compensation Commission.  His career with the U.S. Air Force
spanned 36 years, with the last six years devoted to leadership of
a 5,000 person organization responsible for the long-range
technology, investment and training requirements for the nation's
weather prediction and warning capability supporting U.S. forces
throughout the world.

  David S. Cowie, Vice President, Development and Engineering. Mr.
Cowie was elected to this position in August 1993. Mr. Cowie 
joined the Company in 1982 as Senior Manager, Commercial Systems
Software Development and advanced to Director, European Software
Development in 1983. In 1991, Mr. Cowie was promoted to the
position of Senior Director, Systems Engineering. Prior to joining
the Company, he held systems development, project management, and
systems consultancy positions with ICL Systems, Gemini Computer
Systems, and ICL Dataskil.

  Kevin J. Dell, Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant
Secretary. Mr. Dell was elected to the position of Vice President,
General Counsel in August 1993 (continuing as Assistant Secretary).
As Concurrent's chief legal officer, he is responsible for the
Company's legal and contractual requirements worldwide. Mr. Dell
joined the Company in 1987 as Senior Corporate Attorney and
advanced to Assistant General Counsel in  1988. Prior to joining
the Company, he was an associate at the law firm of Finley, Kumble,
Wagner, Underberg, Manley, Myerson & Casey in New York.

  Robert S. Kovarcik, Vice President, Manufacturing. Mr. Kovarcik
was elected to the position of Vice President, Manufacturing in
June 1994. He joined Concurrent in 1991 as Director, Program
Management. Prior to joining Concurrent, he served for 12 years in
management positions with several high technology companies: Vice
President/General Manager of the Cubic Division of Cubic
Corporation, a public manufacturer of electro-optical equipment;
Vice President/General Manager of New Brunswick Scientific, Inc.,
a public manufacturer of bio-technology processing equipment; and Program 
Director of ITT, a public diversified electronics company.

  Thomas D. Robinson, Vice President, Field Operations. Mr.
Robinson was elected to this position in January 1994. Mr. Robinson
joined the Company in September 1992 as Vice President, Worldwide
Customer Services. Prior to joining Concurrent, he served for
nearly 10 years as a Vice President with two other public computer
system manufacturers with responsibility for worldwide customer
service (from 1988 with Sequoia Systems Inc., and prior thereto
from 1983 with Stratus Computer). He also has 13 years experience
with Honeywell Information Systems, Inc., a public computer system
manufacturer, in customer service and engineering and two years
engineering experience with IBM Corporation, a public computer
system manufacturer.

  David L. Vienneau, Vice President, Human Resources. Mr. Vienneau
was elected to this position in May 1994. He is also President and
founder of Performance Based Solutions, a human resources
consulting services company. Prior to forming Performance Based 
Solutions, Mr. Vienneau was Director, Human Resources at Akzo
America, Inc., a diversified manufacturer of chemical products, and
Director, Compensation and Benefits at Penn Central Corporation,
which designs, develops, manufactures and markets electromechanical
components for the defense and aerospace industries



                                  -7-

<PAGE>
Sales and Service

  The Company sells its systems in key markets worldwide through
direct field sales and services offices as well as through a
network of software suppliers, distributors and system integrators.
The Company does not believe the loss of any particular distributor
or system integrator would have a material impact on the Company's
operating results. The Company's principal customers are original
equipment manufacturers (OEMs), systems integrators, independent
software vendors (ISVs) and value-added resellers (VARs) who
combine the Company's products with other equipment or with
additional application software for resale to end-users.
Collectively, these customers account for approximately 60-70% of
sales, with sales to end-users accounting for the remaining 30-40%.
Several major customer accounts historically have provided a stable
and generally predictable  contribution to revenues.

  Servicing the Company's large installed base, particularly its
proprietary systems, is an important element in Concurrent's
business strategy and generates significant revenue and cash flow
to the Company. Total service revenues in fiscal year 1994 were $88
million (49.2% of total revenues). Approximately 86% of Traditional
Services revenues are generated from maintenance and support
contracts which generally run from one to three years with annual
renewal provisions. The Company's existing installed base of
proprietary systems also represents an opportunity for incremental
sales of both systems and Traditional and Professional Services.

  No customer, other than the U.S. Government (including sales to
UNISYS Corp. in connection with the NEXRAD program), has accounted
for 10% or more of Concurrent's net sales in the three fiscal years
ended June 30, 1994. For the 1994 fiscal year, approximately $54.8
million of the Company's revenues were attributable directly or
indirectly to entities related to branches of the U.S. Government.
This amount represented approximately 31% of the Company's
worldwide revenues, compared to 29% and 21% for the 1993 and 1992
fiscal years, respectively. However, the Company's revenues related
to sales to the U.S. Government are derived from various Federal
agencies, no one of which accounted for more than 5% of total
revenues.  The NEXRAD program contributed approximately $23 and $35
million in revenues in fiscal years 1994 and 1993, respectively.
The program has been funded by the Government and, based on the
program as currently contemplated, the Company expects to earn
additional revenue in fiscal year 1995 of at least $17 million.  
In an effort to reduce total program costs, sales of spare parts by
Concurrent under the program are now being made directly to the
Government. Reaching an agreement on the sale of spare parts
directly to the Government delayed approximately $9 million in
spare parts shipments from fiscal year 1994 to fiscal year 1995. 
The basic ordering agreement ("BOA") with UNISYS Corp. as prime
contractor under the NEXRAD program provides for Concurrent to
deliver its Micro5 proprietary systems for installation at up to
175 NEXRAD sites  throughout the United States and at selected
international locations. Each installation includes at least three
Micro5 systems. The installations are expected to be concluded by
the end of fiscal year 1995. U.S. Government contracts and
subcontracts generally contain provision for cancellation at the
convenience of the Government. Substantially all of the Company's
U.S. Government related orders are subcontracts and most are for
standard catalog equipment which would be available for sale to
others in the event of cancellation. To date, there have been no
cancellations that have had a material impact on the Company's
business or results of operations.

Research and Development

  During the three fiscal years ended June 30, 1994, Concurrent has
invested in the aggregate approximately $77 million in research and
development which, as a percentage of sales,  represented 13.3%,
12.2%, and 11.8% in fiscal years 1994, 1993, and 1992,
respectively. Research and development investment was made across
all of Concurrent's key technology areas for both proprietary
systems and open systems. New networking products, graphics, data
acquisition sub-systems, enhancements to the proprietary OS/32 and
UNIX-based operating systems, and three new proprietary Series 3200
systems (32-400, 32-600 and 32-850 Series) and the Series 7000 and
MAXION open computer systems and other products resulted from this
investment. Although in terms of absolute dollar amounts total
research and development investment has declined over the past
several years, the Company expects a greater return on its total
research and development investment for two reasons. First,
research and development investment is now focused solely on
products and applications for its target markets--investment in
projects not satisfying this focused investment requirement has
stopped. Second, the Company's increasing use of joint research and
development and technology sharing arrangements is expected to
leverage the Company's investment in research and development. The
Company's strategy is to acquire or co-develop technology when the
market requires parity with 

                                  -8-

<PAGE>
competitive technology and to develop technology internally when
market leadership is possible. This strategy is expected to give
the Company greater flexibility in meeting the technology requirements
of its customers and to allow it to provide increasingly higher
performance products by focusing its research and development resources
where it can add the most value.

Manufacturing Operations

  The Company's manufacturing operation is located at its
Oceanport, New Jersey facility. The Oceanport facility has
approximately 285,000 square feet of space of which approximately
85,000 square feet is used for manufacturing. Utilization of
manufacturing capacity was approximately 70% based on a two shift
operation in fiscal year 1994. Management believes that the
manufacturing capacity available at the Oceanport facility could be
significantly increased (with minimal capital spending) to meet
increased manufacturing requirements either by raising the
utilization rate or by adding assembly personnel on its second
shift or by adding a third shift. The Company outsources several
subassembly operations, including all printed circuit board
subassemblies, which has resulted in significant cost savings. The
Company's manufacturing operations are now limited to assembly,
systems integration and systems test. Extensive testing and burn-in
conditioning is performed at the board and subassembly levels and
at final system integration. Because of the wide range of product
configurations, final assembly and test usually occur when a
specific customer order is being prepared for shipment. As a result
of the successful outsourcing activities and significant reductions
in manufacturing inventories, the Oceanport  manufacturing
operations have been consolidated into a focused factory layout
which includes assembly cells and a focused warehouse to minimize
non-value-added material movement, improve manufacturing quality,
and reduce assembly cycle times.
 
Sources of Supply

  Concurrent has multiple commercial sources of supply throughout
the world for most of the materials and components it uses to
produce its products. In some cases, components are being purchased
by the Company from a single supplier to obtain the required
technology and the most favorable price and delivery terms.
Although the Company has not experienced any materially adverse
impact on its operating results as a result of a delay in supplier
performance, any delay in delivery of components may cause a delay
in shipments by the Company of certain products. The Company
estimates that a lead time of up to 16-24 weeks may be necessary to
switch to an alternate supplier of certain custom application
specific integrated circuits and printed circuit assemblies. A
change in the supplier of these circuits without the appropriate
lead time would result in a delay in shipments by the Company of
certain products. Since revenue is recognized typically upon
shipment, any delay in shipment may also result in a delay in
revenue recognition, possibly outside the fiscal period originally
planned, and, as a result, may adversely affect the Company's
financial results for that particular period. A transition from one
single supplier to another could have a similar impact. The Company
carefully monitors the ability of any single supplier to timely
meet the Company's requirements, including the supplier's financial
condition. Management believes it has good relationships with its
suppliers, including alternative suppliers, and expects that
adequate sources of supply for components and peripheral equipment
will continue to be available.

Competition

  The shift from proprietary systems to standards-based open
systems is expected both to expand market demand for systems with
performance characteristics previously only found in proprietary
real-time computing systems and to increase competition, making
product differentiation a more important factor. Due in part to the
range of performance and applications capabilities of its products,
the Company competes in various markets against a number of
companies, many of which have greater financial and operating
resources than the Company. Competition in the high performance
real-time computing systems and applications market comes from five
sources: (1) major computer companies that participate in the real-
time marketplace by layering specialized hardware and software on
top of or as an extension of their general purpose product
platforms--these are principally Digital Equipment Corporation and
Hewlett-Packard Corporation; (2) companies like Concurrent that
target the high performance, real-time market with specialized
systems designed uniquely for real-time application--Harris
Corporation's Systems Division is a competitor in certain markets
in this category; (3) other computer companies that provide
solutions for applications that address a specific characteristic
of real-time, such as fault tolerance or high-performance graphics--


                                  -9-

<PAGE>
these computer companies  include Silicon Graphics Inc., Stratus
Computer, Inc., and Tandem  Computers, Inc. ; (4) general purpose
computing companies that provide a platform on which third party
vendors add real-time capabilities--these computer companies
include International Business Machines Corp. and Sun Microsystems,
Inc.; and (5) single board computer companies that provide board-
level processors that are typically integrated into a customer's
computer system--these computer companies include Force, MIZAR and
Motorola, Inc.

Intellectual Property

  The Company relies on a combination of contracts and copyright,
trademark and trade secret laws to establish and protect its
proprietary rights in its technology. The Company distributes its
products under software license agreements which grant customers
perpetual licenses to the Company's products and which contain
various provisions protecting the Company's ownership and
confidentiality of the licensed technology. The source code of the
Company's products is protected as a trade secret and as an
unpublished copyright work. In addition, in limited instances the
Company licenses its products under licenses that give licensees
limited access to the source code of certain of the Company's
products, particularly in connection with its strategic alliances.
Despite precautions taken by the Company, however, there can be no
assurance that the Company's products or technology will not be
copied or otherwise obtained and used without authorization. In
addition, effective copyright and trade secret protection may be
unavailable or limited in certain foreign countries.

  The Company believes that, due to the rapid pace of innovation
within its industry, factors such as the technological and creative
skills of its personnel are more important to establishing and
maintaining a technology leadership position within the industry
than are the various legal protections of its technology.

  Concurrent has entered into licensing agreements with several
third-party software developers and suppliers. Generally, such
agreements grant to the Company non-exclusive, worldwide licenses
with respect to certain software provided as part of computers and
systems marketed by the Company and terminate on varying dates.
Concurrent is licensed by USL to use and sublicense USL's UNIX
operating system in the Company's computer systems. The Company has
entered into licensing agreements with USL for internal use of
source code version of the UNIX operating system and for the
sublicensing of binary version of the UNIX operating system. Both
licenses are perpetual unless terminated in accordance with the
notice provisions and address versions of the UNIX operating system
through and including System V, Release 4.0 (SVR4). The Company
pays a royalty to USL for each computer systems shipped using the
UNIX operating system equal to 2% of the list price of the basic
(minimum) configuration of the system.

 Employees

  As of June 30, 1994, the Company employs approximately 1,250
employees worldwide of whom approximately 900 were employed in the
United States, compared to approximately 1,600 and 1,800 employees
worldwide at June 30, 1993 and 1992, respectively. The Company's
employees are not unionized.

Backlog

  Generally, the Company records in "backlog" computer orders which
it is anticipated will be shipped during the subsequent six months
or, where special engineering is required, in the subsequent 12
months.  The backlog of unfilled computer systems orders was
approximately $21.9 million on June 30, 1994 compared to
approximately $46.2 million a year earlier.  While the Company
anticipates shipping the majority of backlog during subsequent
periods, the amount of orders in backlog is not necessarily a
meaningful indicator of business trends for the Company because
orders may be canceled before shipment or rescheduled for a
subsequent period which may affect the amount of backlog that may
be realized in revenue in any succeeding period.


                                  -10-

<PAGE>
    (d) Financial Information About Foreign and Domestic
Operations and Export Sales

    A summary of net sales (consolidated net sales reflects sales
to unaffiliated customers), attributable to Concurrent's foreign
and domestic operations for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1994,
1993 and 1992, respectively, is presented at Note 16 to the
financial statements of the Registrant included herein.

Item 2. PROPERTIES

         Listed below are Concurrent's principal facilities as of
June 30, 1994. Management considers all facilities listed below to
be suitable for the purpose(s) for which they are used, including
manufacturing, research and development, sales, marketing, service
and administration.  Management believes that its Oceanport, New
Jersey manufacturing facility has sufficient capacity to meet the
Company's projected manufacturing requirements.

             
<TABLE><CAPTION>
                                                                               Approximate  
                                             Owned or    Expiration Date        Floor Area   
Location              Principal Use          Leased       of Lease              (square feet)
- - --------              -------------         -------      ----------            --------------
<S>                  <C>                    <C>          <C>                   <C>
2 Crescent Place     Manufacturing/          Owned         --                    285,000     
Oceanport, NJ        Service/Marketing                                                      
Corporate Head                                                                          
                                                                                
106 Apple Street     Held for                Owned          --                   132,000  
Tinton Falls, NJ     Disposition                                                   
                                                                                
One Technology Way   Research &              Leased         1998                  88,500 
Westford, MA         Development/Marketing                                                  
                                                                                
227 Bath Rd.,                                                                   
Berkshire            Sales/Research          Leased         1995(1)               36,000
Slough, England      & Development                               
</TABLE>
_____________
(1) Renewable at the Company's option  through March 1998. 

         In addition to the facilities listed above, Concurrent also leases 
space in various domestic and international industrial centers for use as
sales and service offices and warehousing and also engages in certain
research and development activities at a Florida facility. The Company 
has placed the Tinton Falls facility for sale.

Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

    There are no material legal proceedings pending to which the Company or any
of its subsidiaries is aarty or to which any of the Company's or any of its
subsidiaries' property is subject.  To Concurrent's Knowledge there are no
material legal proceedings to which any director, officer or affiliate of 
Concurrent, orny owner of record or beneficially of more than five percent of 
Common Stock, or any associate of any of the foregoing, is a party adverse
to Concurrent or any of its subsidiaries.  No material legal proceedings were
terminated during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.

Item 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

    No matter was submitted during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year
covered by this report to a vote of security holders, through the
solicitation of proxies or otherwise.

                                  -11-

<PAGE>
                                 PART II

Item 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
      AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

         The Common Stock is currently authorized for quotation under the 
symbol "CCUR" on the NASDAQ National Market System.  The following table sets 
forth the high and low closing bid prices for the Common Stock for the periods 
indicated, as reported in published financial journals or otherwise available 
from NASDAQ. The price quotations below reflect interdealer prices, without
retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not necessarily reflect
actual transactions.

                                                   High           Low
Fiscal Year 1993:
         First Quarter                           4              1 3/4
         Second Quarter                          7 1/2          1 1/4
         Third Quarter                           6 3/4          4
         Fourth Quarter                          4 3/4          3 1/2

Fiscal Year 1994:
         First Quarter                           3 9/16          2 1/2
         Second Quarter                          3 1/4           1 1/2
         Third Quarter                           2 5/16          1
         Fourth Quarter                          2 3/8           1 3/8

Fiscal Year 1995:
         First Quarter
           (through September 23, 1994)          2 7/16          1 3/8


         As of September 23, 1994, there were 30,208,396 shares of Common Stock
outstanding, held of record by approximately 2,300 stockholders.

         The Company has never declared or paid any cash dividends on its 
capital stock.  The Company's present policy is to retain earnings to finance 
expansion and growth, and no change in the policy is anticipated. In 
addition, the terms of the Company's credit agreement with its banks prohibit 
the Company from payment of cash dividends on its capital stock until the term 
loan under the credit agreement is paid in full.  As a result, it is not
anticipated that cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future.

         On July 31, 1992, the Board of Directors of the Company declared a
dividend distribution of one Right for each outstanding share of Common 
Stock and then outstanding Convertible Preferred Stock of the Company to
stockholders of record at the close of business on August 14, 1992.  Each Right
entitles the registered holder to purchase from the Company one one-
hundredth of a share of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock, 
par value $.01 per share, at a cash purchase price of $30.00 per Right, 
subject to adjustment, which become  exercisable upon the occurrence of
certain events.  (See Note 20 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.)

Item 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

    This information is set forth in the Selected Financial Data section of the
Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.

Item 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

    This information is set forth in the Selected Financial Data section of 
the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8.

                                  -12-

<PAGE>
Item 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

    The following Consolidated Financial Statements and supplementary data 
for Concurrent are attached and incorporated into Item 8.

                    Report of Independent Accountants
        Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
                      June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
        Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 1994 and 1993
        Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
                      June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (deficiency) for the years ended
                      June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
            Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
                   Condition and Results of Operations
                         Selected Financial Data


Item 9.  DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

    Not applicable.





                                  -13-

<PAGE>
                                PART III


Item 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

    (a)  Identification of Directors

Registrant hereby incorporates by reference in this Form 10-K certain 
information contained under the caption "Election of Directors" in Registrant's
Proxy Statement to be dated October 1, 1994 in connection with its Annual 
Meeting of Stockholders to be held on November 3, 1994 ("Registrant's 1994 
Proxy Statement").

    (b)  Identification of Executive Officers

The information called for hereunder is included in Part I of this Form 10-K 
under the caption "Executive Officers of Registrant".

    (c)  Identification of Certain Significant Employees

             Not applicable.

    (d)  Family Relationships

There is no family relationship between any director and/or 
executive officer of the Company.

    (e)  Business Experience

The Registrant hereby incorporates by reference in this Form 10-K certain 
information contained under the caption "Election of Directors" in Registrant's
1994 Proxy Statement with respect to the business experience of Registrant's
directors.  The information called for by this Item 10 with respect to
executive officers of Registrant is included in Part I of this Form 10-K under
the caption "Management".

    (f)  Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings

The Registrant hereby incorporates by reference in this Form 10-K certain 
information contained under the caption "Election of Directors" in Registrant's
1994 Proxy Statement.

    (g)  Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

The Registrant hereby incorporates by reference in this Form 
10-K certain information contained under the caption "Election of Directors"
in Registrant's 1994 Proxy Statement.

 Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The Registrant hereby incorporates by reference in this Form 
10-K certain information contained under the caption "Executive Compensation"
in Registrant's 1994 Proxy Statement.

Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

   (a) Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners.


                                  -14-

<PAGE>
The Registrant hereby incorporates by reference in this Form 10-K certain
information contained under the caption "Principal Stockholders" in 
Registrant's 1994 Proxy Statement.

   (b) Security Ownership of Management.

The Registrant hereby incorporates by reference in this Form 
10-K certain information contained under the caption "Election of Directors" 
in Registrant's 1994 Proxy Statement.

   (c) Changes in Control

The Registrant knows of no contractual arrangements, including any pledge by 
any person of securities of the Registrant, the operation of which may at a 
subsequent date result in a change in control of the Registrant.

Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

The Registrant hereby incorporates by reference in this Form 10-K certain 
information contained under the captions "Security Ownership of Certain 
Beneficial Owners and Management," "Election of Directors" and "Executive
Compensation"  in Registrant's 1994 Proxy Statement.




                                  -15-

<PAGE>
PART IV
                            
Item 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

   (a)(1)    Financial Statements filed as part of this report:

                   Report of Independent Accountants
        Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended
                     June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
        Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 1994 and 1993
        Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
                     June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity (deficiency) for the years 
                     ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
             Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
                   Condition and Results of Operations
                        Selected Financial Data

(2)      Financial Statement Schedules

Schedule Number                Description
- - --------------                 -----------

Schedule V                     Property, Plant and Equipment

Schedule VI                    Accumulated Depreciation and
                               Amortization of Property, Plant and Equipment

Schedule VIII                  Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

Schedule IX                    Short-term Borrowings

Schedule X                     Supplementary Income Statement
                               Information

    All other financial statements and schedules not listed have been omitted 
since the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial 
Statements or the Notes thereto, or is not applicable, material or required.






                                  -16-
<PAGE>

    (3)  Exhibits

Exhibit No.   Description
- - ----------    -----------
4.1           Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company. (a)

4.2      Registration Rights Agreement dated March 3, 1992 between the Company
         and the Selling Securityholders named therein.(b)

4.3      Registration Rights Agreement dated September 27, 1988 between the 
         Company and the Selling Securityholders named therein.(c)

4.4      Warrant Termination Agreement dated February 19, 1992 between the 
         Company and the holders of Series A and Series C Warrants of the 
         Company named therein.(b)

4.5      Warrant Agreements dated September 27, 1988 between the Company and 
         Ameritrust Company, N.A. (f/k/a MTrust Company N.A.) in connection
         with the Company's Series A and Series B Warrants.(c)

4.6      Form of Warrant and Registration Rights Agreement to be dated as of 
         the closing of the Offering attached as an Annex to the "lock-up" 
         agreements with the holders of Convertible Preferred Stock that
         have entered into lock-up agreements.(a)

4.7      Rights Agreement dated as of July 31, 1992 between the Company and The
         First National Bank of Boston, as rights agent.(d)

10.1(a)  1991 Restated Stock Option Plan.(e)

10.1(b)  Amendment No. 1 to 1991 Restated Stock Option Plan.(e)

10.2(a)  Employee Stock Purchase Plan.(e)

10.2(b)  Amendment No. 1 to Employee Stock Purchase Plan.(f)

10.3     Retirement Savings Plan (f/k/a Profit Sharing and Savings Plan) of 
         former Concurrent dated August 1, 1985, as restated.(g)

10.4     Form of Severance Agreement between the Company and its executive 
         officers.  All agreements contain substantially the same terms
         other than annual base salary and annual target bonus percentage.(h)

10.5     Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement between the Company and its 
         executive officers.  All agreements contain the same terms with the
         exception of the number or shares subject to the option and the 
         vesting schedules.(b)
 
10.6(a)  Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated October 11, 1991 among 
         the Company and the banks named therein, as amended by Amendment No. 1 
         dated November 14, 1991.(i)

10.6(b)  Amendment No. 2 dated as of January 13, 1992 to Amended and Restated
         Credit Agreement.  (b)

10.6(c)  Amendment No. 3 dated as of March 1, 1993 to Amended and Restated 
         Credit Agreement. (h)

10.7(a)  Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.(m)

10.7(b)  Amendment No. 1 dated September 28, 1993 to Second Amended and 
         Restated Credit Agreement.(m)


                                  -17-

<PAGE>
10.7(c)  Amendment No. 2 dated November 10, 1993 to Second Amended and Restated
         Credit Agreement.

10.7(d)  Amendment No. 3 dated November 18, 1993 to Second Amended and Restated
         Credit Agreement.

10.7(e)  Amendment No. 4 dated February 18, 1994 to Second Amended and Restated
         Credit Agreement.

10.7(f)  Amendment No. 5 dated August 19, 1994 to Second Amended and Restated
         Credit Agreement.

10.8 (a) Slough, England real property lease.(j)

10.8 (b) Form of renewal agreement of Slough, England real property lease.(m)

10.9     Settlement Agreement dated June 30, 1992 by and between the Company, 
         Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America and other
         named parties in connection with the disposition of the Company's
         Westford, Massachusetts facility.(k)

10.10    Lease dated June 30, 1992 between WRC Properties, Inc. (Lessor) and
         the Company (Lessee) in connection with Westford, Massachusetts
         office space.(k)

10.11    Settlement and Release Agreement dated June 30, 1992 between Albert L.
         Nardone and Anthony B. Nardone, individually, and as Trustees of One 
         Robbins Realty Trust and the Company in connection with the
         disposition of the Company's Westford, Massachusetts facility.(k)

10.12(a) Indenture dated as of November 22, 1991 between the Company and 
         Ameritrust Texas N.A., as trustee.(l)

10.12(b) Amendment to Indenture.(m)
 
10.13    AT&T Information Systems Sublicensing Agreement.(a)

10.14    Basic Ordering Agreement No. GN-NEXRAD-101. (a)

11.0     Statement re computation of per share earnings.

22.0     Subsidiaries of Registrant.

24.1     Consent of Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P.

______________

(a)      Incorporated herein by reference to the Exhibits to the Company's 
         Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement on Form S-2 dated 
         July 14, 1993 (No. 33-62440).

(b)      Incorporated herein by reference to the Exhibits to the Company's 
         Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 dated 
         April 20, 1992. (No. 33-45871).

(c)      Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 of Item 16 of the 
         Company's Registration Statement on Form S-2 dated June 5, 1989.
         (No. 33-27776.)

(d)      Incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Current Report on 
         Form 8-K dated August 20, 1992 (File No. 0-13150).

(e)      Incorporated herein by reference to Notice of 1991 Annual Meeting
         of Stockholders and Proxy Statement, dated January 10, 1992.
         (File No. 0-13150.)


                                  -18-

<PAGE>
(f)      Incorporated by reference to Notice of 1992 Annual Meeting of 
         Stockholders and Proxy Statement, dated October 2, 1992. 
         (File No. 0-13150.)

(g)      Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit Number 10 of Item 14 of 
         the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
         July 2, 1988.

(h)      Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit Number 10 of Item 14 
         of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended June 30, 1991.  (File No. 0-13150.)

(i)      Incorporated hereby by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report
         on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 1991.

(j)      Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit Number 10 of Item 14 of
         the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended June 30, 1989.  (File No. 0-13150.)

(k)      Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit Number 10 of  Item 14 of
         the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended June 30, 1992.  (File No. 0-13150).

(l)      Incorporated herein by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report
         on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December 31, 1991.
         (File No. 0-13150).

(m)      Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit Number 10 of Item 14 of
         the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
         ended June 30, 1993.  (File No. 0-13150)

                                   
                                   



                                  -19-

<PAGE>
                                  SIGNATURES

    Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed 
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 
                                             CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
                                
                                
Date:    September 16, 1994                  By:  /s/ Kevin J. Dell
                                                  _____________________
                                                  Kevin J. Dell
                                                  Vice President
                                                  General Counsel
                                                  and Assistant Secretary

    Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of
Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated.

    Name                               Capacity

/s/ John T. Stihl               Chairman of the Board,President and
- - --------------------------      Chief Executive Officer
John T. Stihl                   

/s/ James P. McCloskey          Vice President, Finance and Treasurer
- - --------------------------      Chief Financial Officer and Chief
James P. McCloskey              Accounting Officer
                                

/s/ Phillip W. Arneson          Director
- - --------------------------
Phillip W. Arneson

/s/ C. Michael Carter           Director
- - --------------------------
C. Michael Carter

/s/ Kevin N. Clowe              Director
- - --------------------------
Kevin N. Clowe

/s/ C. Forbes Dewey, Jr.        Director
- - --------------------------
C. Forbes Dewey, Jr.

/s/ Morton E. Handel            Director
- - --------------------------
Morton E. Handel

/s/ Leonard N. Hecht            Director
- - --------------------------
Leonard N. Hecht
 
/s/ Richard P. Rifenburgh       Director
- - --------------------------
Richard P. Rifenburgh


Date:  September 16, 1994


                                    -20-

<PAGE>

                     REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
                               ____________


To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
  of Concurrent Computer Corporation

    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of Concurrent Computer Corporation as of June 30, 1994 and 1993,
and the related consolidated statements of operations,
shareholders' equity (deficiency) and cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended June 30, 1994, and the financial
statement schedules listed in Item 14(a) of the Company's 1994
Annual Report on Form 10-K.  These financial statements and
financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the
Company's management.  Our responsibility is to express an
opinion on these financial statements and financial statement
schedules based on our audits.

    We conducted our audits in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards.  Those standards require that we
plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the consolidated financial statements are free of
material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion.

    In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated
financial position of Concurrent Computer Corporation as of June
30, 1994 and 1993, and the consolidated results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended June 30, 1994, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.  In addition, in our opinion, the
financial statement schedules referred to above, when considered
in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole,
present fairly, in all material respects, the information
required to be included therein.

    As discussed in Notes 15 and 18 to the consolidated
financial statements, in 1994 the Company changed its method of
accounting for income taxes and changed its method of accounting
for postretirement benefits other than pensions.

                                     COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P.



Parsippany, New Jersey
August 19, 1994







<PAGE>





                             CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
                             -------------------------------





                                  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
                                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                                      (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

<CAPTION>
                                                                        Years ended June 30,
                                                            ---------------------------------------

                                                               1994           1993           1992
                                                            ---------     ----------     ----------
<S>                                                         <C>           <C>            <C>
Net sales:
    Computer systems                                          $91,035       $121,578       $117,516
    Service and other                                          87,996         98,886        104,056
                                                            ---------     ----------     ----------
            Total                                             179,031        220,464        221,572
                                                            ---------     ----------     ----------
Cost of sales:
    Computer systems                                           51,198         55,556         56,454
    Service and other                                          51,792         60,067         60,407
                                                            ---------     ----------     ----------
            Total                                             102,990        115,623        116,861

Gross margin                                                   76,041        104,841        104,711
                                                            ---------     ----------     ----------
Operating expenses:
    Research and development                                   23,823         26,824         26,115
    Selling, general and administrative                        48,651         59,279         61,813
    Provision for restructuring                                12,000            -              -
    Sales and use tax credit                                   (1,440)           -              -
                                                           ----------     ----------     ----------
            Total                                              83,034         86,103         87,928
                                                           ----------     ----------     ----------
Operating income (loss)                                        (6,993)        18,738         16,783

Interest expense                                               (3,486)       (13,553)       (16,228)
Interest income                                                   634          1,167          1,559
Other income (expense) - net                                     (486)          (183)          (269)
                                                            ----------     ----------     ----------
Income (loss) before provision for income taxes,
    extraordinary gain (loss) and cumulative effect
    of change in accounting principles                        (10,331)         6,169          1,845
Provision for income taxes                                      1,300          2,300          2,800
                                                           ----------     ----------     ----------
Income (loss) before extraordinary gain (loss) and
    cumulative effect of change in accounting princ           (11,631)         3,869           (955)
Extraordinary gain (loss) on early extinguishment o           (23,193)           -           61,102
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles
    for income taxes and postretirement benefits               (5,000)           -              -
                                                           ----------     ----------     ----------
Net income (loss)                                            ($39,824)        $3,869        $60,147
                                                           ==========     ==========     ==========
Income (loss) per share:
    Income (loss) before extraordinary gain (loss) and
       cumulative effect of change in accounting pr            ($0.41)         $0.40         ($0.13)
    Extraordinary gain (loss) on early extinguishme             (0.83)           -             8.13
    Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles
       for income taxes and postretirement benefits             (0.18)           -             -
                                                           ----------     ----------     ----------
    Net income (loss)                                          ($1.42)         $0.40          $8.00
                                                           ==========     ==========     ==========
</TABLE>

                               The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                                       the consolidated financial statements.

                                                         F-1

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                       CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION                                  
                                        CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                            (Dollars in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                                                         Pro Forma
                                                                                         June 30,
                                                           June 30,       June 30,        1993 *
                                                              1994          1993 *     (See Note 3)
                                                        ------------   ------------   -------------
                                                                                        (Unaudited)
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>            <C>
                        ASSETS
Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                 $9,374        $30,422        $18,162
    Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful
        accounts of $3,405 - 1994; $2,173 - 1993              34,519         37,502         37,502
    Inventories                                               17,829         21,920         21,920
    Facility held for disposal                                   -            6,000          6,000
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets                  5,334          6,771          6,771
                                                        ------------   ------------   ------------
        Total current assets                                  67,056        102,615         90,355

Property, plant and equipment - net                           42,742         46,323         46,323
Facility held for disposal                                     6,000            -              -
Other long-term assets                                         7,372          8,148          8,948
                                                        ------------   ------------   ------------
Total assets                                                $123,170       $157,086       $145,626
                                                        ============   ============   ============

            LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
    Notes payable                                             $5,749         $2,783         $2,783
    Current portion of long-term debt                         11,000          8,250          8,250
    Accounts payable and accrued expenses                     44,687         47,334         47,334
    Deferred revenue                                           6,236          7,575          7,575
                                                        ------------   ------------   ------------
        Total current liabilities                             67,672         65,942         65,942

Long-term debt                                                13,240         67,938         24,731
Other long-term liabilities                                    7,210          4,703          4,703
Commitments and contingencies                                    -              -              -

Stockholders' Equity:
    Shares of preferred stock, par value $.01; authorized
        25,000,000 - 1994 and 1993; issued 6,981,706 - 1993      -               70            -
    Shares of common stock, par value $.01; authorized
        100,000,000 - 1994 and 1993; issued 29,585,388
        - 1994 and 2,579,026 - 1993                              296             26            293
    Capital in excess of par value                            71,547         15,626         70,429
    Accumulated earnings (deficit) after eliminating
        accumulated deficit of $81,826 at December
        31, 1991, date of quasi-reorganization               (35,022)         4,802        (18,451)
    Shares of treasury stock, at cost                            (58)           (58)           (58)
        (840 - 1994 and 1993)
    Cumulative translation adjustment                         (1,715)        (1,963)        (1,963)
                                                        ------------   ------------   ------------
        Total stockholders' equity                            35,048         18,503         50,250
                                                        ------------   ------------   ------------
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                  $123,170       $157,086       $145,626
                                                        ============   ============   ============

<FN>
        *  Reclassified to conform to current year presentation.
</TABLE>

                                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                                      the consolidated financial statements

                                                        F-2

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                    CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                           (Dollars in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Years ended June 30,

                                                                      1994         1993         1992
                                                                 ----------   ----------   ----------
<S>                                                              <C>          <C>          <C>
Cash flows provided by (used by) operating activities:
    Net income (loss)                                              ($39,824)      $3,869      $60,147
    Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net            ----------   ----------   ----------
        cash provided by (used by) operating activities:
        Depreciation, amortization and other                         12,527       14,075       18,824
        Non-cash interest and amortization of financin                1,061        9,265        4,948
        Extraordinary (gain) loss on extinquishment of               23,193          -        (61,102)
        Cumulative effect of change in accounting prin                5,000          -            -
        Provision for restructuring                                  12,000          -            -
        Sales and use tax credit                                     (1,440)         -            -
        Decrease (increase) in current assets:
            Accounts receivable                                       3,690        4,782       11,301
            Inventories                                               4,142       (2,041)       4,980
            Prepaid expenses and other current assets                 1,238        1,698        1,172
        Decrease in current liabilities, other than
            debt obligations                                        (14,797)      (2,361)      (5,987)
        (Increase) decrease in other long-term assets                (1,790)         391       (3,058)
        Increase (decrease) in other long-term liabili                  193         (264)      (1,930)
                                                                 ----------   ----------   ----------
    Total adjustments to net income (loss)                           45,017       25,545      (30,852)
                                                                 ----------   ----------   ----------
Net cash provided by operating activities                             5,193       29,414       29,295
                                                                 ----------   ----------   ----------
Cash flows used by investing activities:
     Additions to property, plant and equipment                      (7,584)     (10,569)      (9,980)
                                                                 ----------   ----------   ----------
Cash flows provided by (used by) financing activities:
     Net proceeds (payments) of notes payable                         2,511          588       (7,033)
     Repayment of long-term debt                                    (76,602)      (8,460)     (14,084)
     Issuance of long-term debt                                         708          -            -
     Net proceeds from sale and issuance of common sto               55,001          291           24
                                                                 ----------   ----------   ----------
Net cash used by financing activities                               (18,382)      (7,581)     (21,093)
                                                                 ----------   ----------   ----------
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash
    and cash equivalents                                               (275)      (1,453)      (1,050)
                                                                 ----------   ----------   ----------
(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                   ($21,048)      $9,811      ($2,828)
                                                                 ==========   ==========   ==========
Cash and cash equivalents - Beginning of Year                       $30,422      $20,611      $23,439
                                                                 ----------   ----------   ----------
Cash and cash equivalents - End of Year                              $9,374      $30,422      $20,611
                                                                 ==========   ==========   ==========
Cash paid during the year for:

    Interest                                                         $2,731       $4,282       $5,690
                                                                 ==========   ==========   ==========
    Income taxes  (net of refunds)                                     $659       $1,510       $3,898
                                                                 ==========   ==========   ==========
</TABLE>

                                 The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                                     the consolidated financial statements.

                                                   F-3

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                                CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
                                                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIENCY)
                                                                     (Dollars in thousands)
<CAPTION>
                             Preferred Stock       Common Stock    Capital in  Accumulated  Cumulative    Treasury Stock
                                         Par                 Par   Excess of    Earnings    Translation
                              Shares    Value     Shares    Value  Par Value    (Deficit)   Adjustment     Shares    Cost    Total
                            ----------  -----   ----------  -----  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----  ---------
<S>                         <C>         <C>     <C>         <C>    <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>   <C>
Balance June 30, 1991           -         -     19,178,396    192   $  72,414    ($141,040)       ($694)    (43,151) ($67) ($69,195)

Loss before extraordinary
   gain for six months
   ended December 31, 1991                                                          (1,888)                                  (1,888)
Other                                              (20,000)                18                                                    18
Foreign currency translation
   adjustment                                                                                      455                          455
Recapitalization adjustments:
   Issuance of preferred
      stock                 6,983,284     70                          33,107                                                 33,177
   Conversion of redeemable
      preferred stock                             818,273      8         892                                                    900
   Extraordinary gain on
      early extinguishment
      of debt                                                                      61,102                                    61,102
Quasi-reorganization
   adjustments:
      Elimination of cost
         in excess of net
         assets acquired                                             (14,235)                                               (14,235)
      Elimination of accumulated
         deficit                                                     (81,826)      81,826                                       -
      Elimination of foreign
         currency translation
         adjustment                                                     (239)                      239                          -
                           ----------  -----   ----------  -----  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----  ---------
Balance December 31,
   1991 (effective date
   of quasi-
   reorganization)          6,983,284     70   19,976,699    200      10,131          -            -       (43,151)  (67)    10,334

1 for 10 reverse stock split                  (17,979,606)  (180)        180                                38,105              -
Issuance of common
   stock under retirement
   savings plan                                   171,763      2       1,157                                                  1,159
Other                                               3,057                 16                                 4,206      9        25
Net income for the six
   months ended June 30,
   1992                                                                               933                                       933
Foreign currency translation
   adjustment                                                                                     (465)                        (465)
Quasi-reorganization
   related adjustments:
      Adjustment to accrued
         interest related to the
         transfer of title of the
         Westford, Ma. facility                                        1,353                                                  1,353
      Tax settlement                                                   1,400                                                  1,400
                           ----------  -----   ----------  -----  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----  ---------
Balance June 30, 1992       6,983,284     70    2,171,883     22      14,237          933         (465)       (840)  (58)    14,739

Sale of common stock
   under stock plans                               67,021      1         284                                                    285
Issuance of common stock
   under retirement savings plan                  336,404      3         527                                                    530
Conversion of preferred stock  (1,578)              1,578
Other                                               2,140                  6                                                      6
Net income                                                                          3,869                                     3,869
Foreign currency translation
   adjustment                                                                                   (1,498)                      (1,498)
Quasi-reorganization
   related adjustments:
      Utilization of net operating
         loss carryforwards                                              572                                                    572
                           ----------  -----   ----------  -----  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----  ---------
Balance June 30, 1993       6,981,706     70    2,579,026     26      15,626        4,802       (1,963)       (840)  (58)    18,503

Issuance of common stock
   under retirement savings plan                  324,377      3       1,057                                                  1,060
Issuance of common stock                       19,700,000    197      54,803                                                 55,000
Conversion of preferred
   stock                   (6,981,706)   (70)   6,981,706     70
Other                                                 279                 61                                                     61
Net loss                                                                          (39,824)                                  (39,824)
Foreign currency translation
   adjustment                                                                                      248                          248
                           ----------  -----   ----------  -----  ----------  -----------  -----------  ----------  ----  ---------
Balance June 30, 1994                          29,585,388   $296      71,547     ($35,022)     ($1,715)       (840) ($58)   $35,048
                           ==========  =====   ==========  =====  ==========  ===========  ===========  ==========  ====  =========
</TABLE>

                                  The accompanying notes are an integral part of
                                      the consolidated financial statements.

                                                         F-4

<PAGE>

                   CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Basis of Presentation

   During fiscal year 1994, the Company sustained a significant
   unexpected decline in business resulting in a $25.7 million
   decline in operating income (loss) and a $24.2 million decline in
   net cash from operations.  In response to the decline in business,
   the Company restructured its operations to reduce its cost
   structure and to focus its revenue generating activities with the
   objectives to achieve growth and improve profitability.  In
   addition, the Company obtained various amendments to its bank term
   loan which provided the Company with greater financial flexibility
   under its debt agreement allowing the Company to meet its
   financial covenant compliance requirements.

   Although the Company's operating results improved during the
   second half of fiscal year 1994, the Company may not be able to
   fund, from cash flow from operations, the $12.0 million maturity
   payment on its bank term loan due October 1, 1995.  The Company is
   currently in discussions with its banks to restructure its term
   loan to provide for the repayment of the $12.0 million due at
   maturity over a 24 month period and to establish a revolving
   credit facility.  The Company plans to continue to evaluate and
   manage its existing cost structure to anticipated revenue levels
   to achieve improved profitability and quarter to quarter revenue
   growth during fiscal year 1995.  However, there can be no
   assurance that the Company's operating efforts or the
   restructuring of its term loan will be achieved.

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

   Principles of Consolidation

   The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of all
   majority-owned domestic and foreign subsidiary companies.  All
   intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated.

   Foreign Currency

   The functional currency of substantially all of the Company's
   foreign subsidiaries is the applicable local currency.  The
   translation of the applicable foreign currencies into U.S. dollars
   is performed for balance sheet accounts using current exchange
   rates in effect at the balance sheet date and for revenue and
   expense accounts using average rates of exchange prevailing during
   the fiscal year.  Adjustments resulting from the translation of
   foreign currency financial statements are accumulated in a
   separate component of stockholders' equity until the entity is
   sold or substantially liquidated.  Gains or losses resulting from
   foreign currency transactions are included in the results of
   operations, except for those relating to intercompany transactions
   of a long-term investment nature which are accumulated in a
   separate component of stockholders' equity.

                                 F-5
<PAGE>

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued

   Foreign Currency, Continued

   Gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions of ($360,000),
   $606,000 and $1,091,000 for the fiscal years ended June 30, 1994,
   1993 and 1992, respectively, are included in Other income
   (expense) - net.

   Cash and Cash Equivalents

   For financial statement purposes, short-term investments with
   original maturities of ninety days or less from the date of
   purchase are considered cash equivalents.

   Cash equivalents are stated at cost plus accrued interest, which
   approximates market, and represents cash invested in U.S.
   Government securities, bank certificates of deposit, or commercial
   paper.  Such short-term investments amounted to $2,591,000 and
   $18,178,000 at June 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

   Inventories

   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market, with cost
   determined on the first-in, first-out basis.

   Property, Plant and Equipment

   Property, plant and equipment are stated at acquired cost.
   Depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis over the
   estimated useful lives of assets ranging from three to forty
   years.

   Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the
   useful lives of the improvements or the terms of the related
   lease.  Gains and losses resulting from the disposition of
   property, plant and equipment are included in Other income
   (expense) - net.

   Expenditures for repairs and maintenance are charged to operations
   as incurred and expenditures for major renewals and betterments
   are capitalized.

   Revenue Recognition

   Computer systems sales (hardware and software, including bundled
   software) are recorded when the earnings process is complete,
   typically upon shipment to customers.

   Service contract revenue related to hardware and software is
   recognized separately and as earned over the respective
   maintenance period in accordance with the terms of the applicable
   contract.

                                 F-6
<PAGE>

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued

   Income Taxes

   The Company and its domestic subsidiaries file a consolidated
   Federal income tax return.  Certain items of revenue and expense
   are reported for Federal income tax purposes in different periods
   than for financial reporting purposes and are accounted for under
   the asset and liability method as required by the provisions of
   Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting
   for Income Taxes" ("FAS No. 109").

   On July 1, 1993, the Company adopted the provisions of FAS No.
   109.  This standard requires a change from the deferred method to
   the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes.
   Under the asset and liability method, a deferred tax asset or
   liability is recognized for temporary differences between
   financial reporting and income tax bases of assets and
   liabilities, tax credit carryforwards and operating loss
   carryforwards.  A valuation allowance is established to reduce
   deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that such
   deferred tax assets will not be realized.  Utilization of net
   operating loss carryforwards, which originated prior to the
   Company's quasi-reorganization effected on December 31, 1991, are
   recorded as adjustments to capital in excess of par value.  Prior
   years' financial statements have not been restated.

   The cumulative effect of adopting this standard resulted in the
   Company recording a $2.0 million non-cash charge reducing its
   deferred tax assets as of the date of adoption.

   Investment and research and development tax credits are recorded
   under the flow-through method of accounting.  Under the Tax Reform
   Act of 1986, the investment tax credit was repealed as of January
   1, 1986, subject to certain transition rules.  The repeal of the
   investment tax credit did not have a material impact on the
   Company's financial statements.

   Capitalized Software

   The Company, in accordance with Statement of Financial Accounting
   Standards No. 86, "Accounting for the Costs of Computer Software
   to be Sold, Leased, or Otherwise Marketed", commences
   capitalization of software production costs upon the achievement
   of technological feasibility and ceases capitalization upon the
   achievement of customer availability.  Such costs are amortized
   over the greater of the ratio of the product's current to total
   revenue stream or the straight-line method over its estimated
   useful life.  Such amortization period generally does not exceed
   three years.  For the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992,
   amortization expense relating to software production costs which
   is included as a component of cost of sales amounted to $445,000,
   $436,000 and $1,204,000, respectively.  Accumulated amortization
   amounted to $165,000 and $389,000, respectively, at June 30, 1994
   and 1993.  Capitalized software (net) amounted to $1,985,000 and
   $494,000 at June 30, 1994 and 1993, respectively.

                                 F-7
<PAGE>

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued

   Research and Development

   Research and development expenditures, other than capitalized
   software, are expensed when incurred.

   Income (Loss) per Share

   Primary earnings per share (including convertible participating
   preferred stock, dilutive stock options and common stock purchase
   warrants) is computed on the basis of the weighted average number
   of common shares outstanding during each year and includes shares
   assumed issued upon the exercise of all dilutive stock options and
   common stock purchase warrants and the purchase of treasury stock
   with the proceeds at the average market price for the period.

   Fully diluted earnings per share assumes the exercise of all
   dilutive stock options and common stock purchase warrants and the
   purchase of treasury stock at the higher of the market price at
   the end of the year or the average market price during the year.
   For fiscal years 1993 and 1992, the computation of fully diluted
   earnings per share did not have a dilutive effect on earnings per
   share.

   The number of shares used in computing income (loss) per share was
   28,054,000, 9,765,000, and 7,517,000 for the years ended June 30,
   1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

   Supplemental income per share for the year ended June 30, 1993 was
   calculated assuming the Company's comprehensive refinancing (as
   described in Note 3) took place on July 1, 1992.  The Company's
   supplemental net income per share for the year ended June 30, 1993
   was $0.32.

   Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions

   On July 1, 1993, the Company adopted the provisions of Statement
   of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106 "Employers' Accounting
   for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" ("FAS No. 106").
   This standard requires companies to accrue postretirement benefits
   throughout the employees' active service periods until they attain
   full eligibility for those benefits.  The transition obligation
   (the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at the date of
   adoption) may be recognized either immediately or by amortization
   over the longer of the average remaining service period for active
   employees or 20 years.

   In connection with the adoption of this standard, the Company
   recorded a non-cash charge of $3.0 million representing the
   immediate recognition of the accumulated postretirement benefit
   obligation at the date of adoption.

                                 F-8
<PAGE>

2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, Continued

   Postemployment Benefits

   The Company has not adopted the provisions of Statement of
   Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
   Postemployment Benefits" ("FAS No. 112").  This standard requires
   that companies providing postemployment benefits to their
   employees accrue the cost of such benefits throughout the
   employees' service period.  The Company is currently analyzing the
   standard to determine the impact, if any, on the Company's
   reported results of operations or financial condition.  The
   Company believes this standard will not have a material impact on
   the Company's liquidity and results of operations.  The Company is
   required to adopt this standard in fiscal year 1995.

3. Refinancing

   On July 21, 1993, the Company completed a comprehensive
   refinancing (the "Refinancing").  The Refinancing consisted of the
   following: a) the sale and issuance of $59.1 million in common
   stock (the "Offering"); b) the modification of the Company's
   existing bank term loan (the "Existing Term Loan") to, among other
   things, extend the maturity date and reduce the interest rate (the
   "Amended Term Loan") (see Note 6); and c) the conversion of all of
   the outstanding shares of the Company's convertible participating
   preferred stock (the "Convertible Preferred Stock") into shares of
   common stock at a ratio of one to one.

   The net proceeds of the Offering ($55.0 million) together with
   $11.9 million of Company cash were used to redeem in full the
   Company's outstanding 12.08% Senior Subordinated Notes due 1997
   (the "Subordinated Debt") at face amount, plus accrued interest,
   as of July 21, 1993.  The Subordinated Debt was originally
   recorded with an original issue discount resulting in an effective
   yield-to-maturity of 25%.  The redemption of the Subordinated Debt
   resulted in an extraordinary charge reducing net income by $23.2
   million during the first quarter of fiscal year 1994 based on an
   aggregate cash redemption price of $66.9 million and a book value
   of $43.7 million.  The Refinancing, including the effect of the
   redemption of the Subordinated Debt and related $23.2 million
   extraordinary charge, resulted in a $31.8 million increase to
   stockholders' equity as of the date the transactions were
   completed.

   The following unaudited pro forma balance sheet gives effect to
   the Refinancing of the Company as if the transaction had occurred
   as of June 30, 1993.

                                 F-9
<PAGE>

3. Refinancing, Continued

Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet
(Dollars in thousands)
(Unaudited)

                                      As
                                   Reported                  Pro Forma
                                   June 30,                   June 30,
                                    1993 *     Adjustments     1993 *
                                 ------------  -----------   ---------
    Assets
Cash and cash equivalents           $ 30,422    $(12,260)(a)  $ 18,162
Accounts receivable - net             37,502                    37,502
Inventories                           21,920                    21,920
Facility held for disposal             6,000                     6,000
Prepaid expenses and other
  current assets                       6,771                     6,771
                                    --------    ---------     --------
  Total current assets               102,615     (12,260)       90,355

Property, plant and
  equipment - net                     46,323                    46,323
Other long-term assets                 8,148         800 (a)     8,948
                                    --------    ---------     --------
Total assets                        $157,086    $(11,460)     $145,626
                                    ========    =========     ========

    Liabilities and
      Stockholders' Equity
Notes payable                       $  2,783    $             $  2,783
Current portion of
  long-term debt                       8,250                     8,250
Accounts payable and
  accrued expenses                    47,334                    47,334
Deferred revenue                       7,575                     7,575
                                    --------    ---------     --------
  Total current liabilities           65,942                    65,942

Long-term debt                        67,938     (43,207)(a)    24,731
Other long-term liabilities            4,703                     4,703
Commitments and contingencies            -                         -

Stockholders' equity
  Shares of preferred stock               70         (70)(b)       -
  Shares of common stock                  26         197 (a)       293
                                                      70 (b)
  Capital in excess of par value      15,626      54,803 (a)    70,429
  Accumulated earnings after
    eliminating accumulated
    deficit of $81,826 at
    December 31, 1991, date of
    quasi-reorganization               4,802     (23,253)(a)   (18,451)
  Shares of treasury stock               (58)                      (58)
  Cumulative translation adjustment   (1,963)                   (1,963)
                                    --------    ---------     --------
  Total stockholders' equity          18,503      31,747        50,250
                                    --------    ---------     --------
Total liabilities and
  stockholders' equity              $157,086    $(11,460)     $145,626
                                    ========    =========     ========


   * Reclassified to conform to current year presentation.

See accompanying notes to Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet.

                                 F-10
<PAGE>

3. Refinancing, Continued

   Notes to Pro Forma Consolidated Balance Sheet

   The following adjustments were made to the balance sheet at June
   30, 1993 to give effect to the Refinancing as if the transaction
   had occurred as of such date.

  (a) To reflect (i) the redemption of $66,430,000 of Subordinated
      Debt (face amount plus accrued interest as of June 30, 1993)
      with a book value of $43,177,000 (the redemption of the
      Subordinated Debt prior to maturity results in an
      extraordinary loss of $23,253,000 on the early extinguishment
      of debt); (ii) the modification of the Existing Term Loan and
      the deferred financing fees related to the Amended Term Loan
      (approximately $800,000); (iii) the issuance of 19,700,000
      shares of common stock, with a par value of $0.01, at a price
      of $3.00 per share for $59,100,000 (less issuance costs of
      approximately $4,100,000) and (iv) the repayment of $30,000
      of the principal amount outstanding under the Existing Term
      Loan.

      The extraordinary loss on the early extinguishment of debt is
      determined as follows:

      (Dollars in thousands)

      Face amount of Subordinated Debt              $64,158
      Accrued interest on Subordinated Debt           2,272
                                                    -------
      Sub-total                                      66,430
      Book value of Subordinated Debt               (43,177)
                                                    -------
         Extraordinary loss                         $23,253
                                                    =======

      The extraordinary loss on the early extinguishment of debt,
      if effected on June 30, 1993, does not result in the
      recognition of a tax benefit due to a difference in the
      financial reporting and tax bases of the underlying
      subordinated debt.

  (b) To reflect the conversion of 6,981,706 shares of Convertible
      Preferred Stock into shares of common stock at a ratio of 1
      to 1.

4. Recapitalization

   On November 22, 1991, the Company completed a recapitalization
   (the "Recapitalization") of its debt with its senior lenders
   (the "Bank Group") and the holders of 100% of its Senior
   Subordinated Notes due 1998 (the "Noteholders" and the
   "Cancelled Notes", respectively).  The Recapitalization
   included the restructuring of the Company's then outstanding

                                 F-11
<PAGE>

4. Recapitalization, Continued

   $53.3 million term loan and $110.6 million in principal amount
   of the Cancelled Notes. The recapitalization also included the
   conversion of 9,001 shares of the Company's redeemable  Class A
   preferred stock into 818,273 shares of the Company's common
   stock.  The Noteholders tendered their Cancelled Notes in
   exchange for new notes and Convertible Preferred Stock pursuant
   to the private placement exchange offer (the "Exchange Offer")
   commenced by the Company on September 12, 1991 and completed on
   November 22, 1991.

   The Exchange Offer resulted in the exchange of $55 million in
   principal amount of Subordinated Debt and 6,983,284 shares of
   Convertible Preferred Stock for the then outstanding $110.6
   million in principal amount of Cancelled Notes and accrued and
   unpaid interest thereon (approximately $22.9 million as of
   November 22, 1991).  The Convertible Preferred Stock, after
   giving effect to the Company's February 1992 one for ten reverse
   stock split (as described in Note 5), was convertible into
   common stock at a ratio of one to one and represented, at the
   time of the recapitalization, in the aggregate, approximately a
   70% fully diluted equity interest in the Company (assuming all
   then existing warrants and certain options to acquire common
   stock were cancelled or expired unexercised).

5. Reverse Stock Split

   On January 31, 1992, the Company received stockholder approval
   to effect a one for ten reverse stock split of its common stock.
   The terms (e.g., par value, voting rights, etc.) of the shares
   of the post-split common stock are the same as the pre-split
   common stock.  The reverse stock split became   effective at the
   close of business on February 7, 1992.  In connection with the
   reverse stock split, the Company reclassified $180,000 (the
   aggregate amount in excess of the par value of the outstanding
   shares of common stock) from common stock to capital in excess
   of par value.

   All share and per share data in these financial statements have
   been restated to give effect to the one for ten reverse stock
   split.

6. Debt and Lines of Credit

 As described in Notes 3 and 4, the Company completed the
   Refinancing on July 21, 1993 and the Recapitalization on
   November 22, 1991, respectively.  The following describes the
   terms and conditions of both the Amended Term Loan and the
   Existing Term Loan agreements.

                                 F-12
<PAGE>

6. Debt and Lines of Credit, Continued

   The Amended Term Loan resulted from the modification of various
   terms of the Existing Term Loan, including the interest rate,
   maturity date and principal amortization schedule of the
   Company's then outstanding $31.5 million (as of June 30, 1993)
   term loan facility.

   At June 30, 1994, the outstanding balance under the Amended Term
   Loan was  $23.0 million and bears interest, at the Company's
   option, at an annual rate equal to either the prime rate plus
   1.0%, or the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) plus 3.0%.
   The Amended Term Loan is payable in 24 equal monthly
   installments of $687,500 each, commencing July 30, 1993, with a
   final payment of $12.0 million (reduced from $15 million as
   described below) payable October 1, 1995.  On August 19, 1994,
   the maturity date of the Amended Term Loan was extended from the
   original maturity date of June 30, 1995 to October 1, 1995.  The
   Company has pledged substantially all of its domestic assets as
   collateral for the Amended Term Loan.  The Company may prepay
   the Amended Term Loan at any time without penalty.

   At June 30, 1993, the then outstanding balance under the
   Existing Term Loan was  $31.5 million and bore interest at an
   annual rate equal to (1) the prime rate plus 1.9% (7.9% at June
   30, 1993) or (2) prime rate plus 1.5% when the outstanding
   balance was equal to or less than $25 million.  Principal and
   interest payments on the then Existing Term Loan were payable
   monthly. Scheduled monthly amortization payments were to reduce
   the balance due at maturity to $23.1 million on May 31, 1994.
   The classification of the then Existing Term Loan balance as of
   June 30, 1993 was based upon the maturity date of the Amended
   Term Loan.

   The Amended Term Loan contains various covenants and
   restrictions, which among other things (1) place certain limits
   on corporate acts of the Company such as fundamental changes in
   the corporate structure of the Company, investments in other
   entities, incurrence of additional indebtedness, creation of
   liens or certain distributions or dispositions of assets,
   including cash dividends, and (2) require the Company to meet
   financial tests on a periodic basis, the most restrictive of
   which relate to the maintenance of collateral coverage and debt
   coverage all as defined in the Amended Term Loan agreement.

   On September 28 and November 18, 1993 and on February 18 and
   August 19, 1994, the Company's Amended Term Loan agreement was
   amended to modify certain financial covenants.  The amendments
   on November 18, 1993 and February 18, 1994 also waived the
   Company's requirements with respect to certain financial
   covenants for the three months ended September 30 and December
   31, 1993, respectively.

                                 F-13
<PAGE>

6. Debt and Lines of Credit, Continued

   On November 10, 1993, the Amended Term Loan agreement was
   amended to allow the Company to defer up to four monthly
   principal amortization payments, depending on cash balances,
   until April 1, 1994 and to provide for up to $3 million in
   standby letters of credit in connection with overseas lines of
   credit.  In consideration of the amendment, the Company made a
   $3 million principal prepayment, which was applied to the term
   loan amortization payment due on the October 1, 1995 maturity
   date, from the proceeds of borrowings under such overseas lines
   of credit.

   The February 18, 1994 amendment allowed the Company to further
   defer the four monthly principal amortization payments until
   September 30, 1994, at which time two of the deferred monthly
   principal amortization payments are due, and December 31, 1994,
   at which time the remaining two deferred monthly principal
   amortization payments are due.  The deferred payments are in
   addition to the regular monthly amortization payments due on
   these dates.  In connection with this amendment, the Company
   granted an aggregate of 600,000 of stock purchase warrants to
   the banks.  The warrants were issued with an exercise price per
   share of $1.50 (the fair market value of a share of the
   Company's common stock on February 18, 1994) and expire on
   September 30, 1994.  The warrants provide for the possibility of
   an extension, at the option of the banks, of the expiration date
   of these warrants in consideration of further extensions of the
   four monthly principal amortization payments and a restructuring
   of the Amended Term Loan.  The Company and the banks are in
   discussions to provide for the repayment of the four deferred
   monthly payments over the time period ending October 1, 1995.
   An extended payment plan would provide the Company with
   additional flexibility to fund its revenue growth initiatives.

   The amendments to the Amended Term Loan were obtained to provide
   the Company with greater financial flexibility in light of: 1)
   lower than expected revenues and financial results for the first
   six months of fiscal year 1994, 2) a $12 million provision for
   restructuring recorded during the three months ended September
   30, 1993 and 3) anticipated financial results for the remainder
   of fiscal year 1994 and for fiscal year 1995.  Depending on the
   revenue levels attained during fiscal year 1995, the Company may
   need to seek additional flexibility with respect to its
   obligations under its Amended Term Loan.

   The Company is currently in discussions with its banks in an
   attempt to restructure its bank term loan to provide for the
   repayment of the $12.0 million due at maturity over a 24 month
   period and to establish a revolver credit facility.  The Company
   is also exploring a refinancing of the bank term loan with other
   lenders.  However, there can be no assurance that any such
   agreements will be reached.

                                 F-14
<PAGE>

6. Debt and Lines of Credit, Continued

   Although the Company's original term loan agreement had been
   terminated as part of the Recapitalization, the terms of an
   interest rate swap agreement remained in effect until bought-out
   at the time of the Refinancing.  The fixed rate under the swap
   agreement resulted in additional interest expense of $822,000
   and $1,227,000 for the years ended June 30, 1993 and 1992,
   respectively.

   The net proceeds of the July 93 offering ($55.0 million)
   together with approximately $12 million of Company cash were
   used to redeem   in full the Subordinated Debt.  The
   Subordinated Debt of $55 million in principal amount issued on
   November 22, 1991 bore interest at an annual rate of 12.08%,
   payable semi-annually on March 15 and September 15 and payable
   in additional Subordinated Debentures in lieu of cash for up to
   the first three years, but not less than the  first two years.
   The Subordinated Debt was recorded net of a $25.5 million
   discount based upon its estimated fair value at the time of
   issuance, resulting in an effective yield to maturity of 25%.
   The principal amount of the Subordinated Debt, including notes
   issued in lieu of payment of cash interest, was payable in a
   lump sum at maturity on December 31, 1997.  Subordinated Debt
   issued and accrued amounted to approximately $.6 million, $7.4
   million and $4.0 million for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993
   and 1992, respectively.  The unamortized discount of the
   Subordinated Debt amounted to $23.3 million at June 30, 1993.

   The Company's foreign subsidiaries have certain bank borrowing
   arrangements in local currencies which provide for borrowings of
   up to $8,056,000 at prevailing rates of interest ranging from
   3.0% to 16.0% at June 30, 1994.  At June 30, 1994, $5,749,000 of
   demand notes were outstanding under such arrangements of which
   $2,689,000 is guaranteed by the minority shareholder in the
   Company's Japanese subsidiary.  The remaining amounts are
   guaranteed by the Company.  Foreign unused lines of credit can
   be withdrawn at any time at the option of either the Company or
   the lending institutions.

 Annual maturities of all the Company's debt for the fiscal years
   ended June 30, 1995 through 1999, and thereafter, are as
   follows:

         (Dollars in thousands)                   Annual
                                              Maturities
                                              ----------
               1995                             $ 16,749
               1996                               12,294
               1997                                  338
               1998                                  391
               1999                                  217
               Thereafter                            -
                                                --------
               Total                            $ 29,989
                                                ========

                                 F-15
<PAGE>

7. Quasi-Reorganization

   In connection with the Recapitalization, a corporate
   readjustment of the accounts was effected on December 31, 1991,
   in the form of a quasi-reorganization ("fresh-start"
   accounting).  The readjustment resulted in the revaluation, as
   necessary,  of all assets and liabilities to estimated fair
   values and the elimination of the excess of cost over net assets
   acquired and the elimination of the accumulated deficit and
   cumulative translation adjustment balances against capital in
   excess of par value.

   The following schedule and accompanying notes show the effect of
   the Recapitalization and the quasi-reorganization on
   stockholders' equity at December 31, 1991:

Schedule of Stockholders' Equity (Deficiency)
(Dollars in thousands)

                         Unadjusted                          Adjusted
                        December 31, Recapital-   Quasi-   December 31,
                            1991      ization     Reorg.       1991
                        -----------  ---------  ---------  ------------

  Stockholders' equity
       (deficiency)
  Preferred stock    $     -      $     70 (a)$            $     70
  Common stock             192           8 (b)                  200
  Capital in excess
   of par value         72,432      33,107 (a) (96,300)(c)   10,131
                                      892 (b)
  Accumulated deficit (142,928)     61,102 (a)  81,826 (c)      -
  Treasury stock           (67)                                 (67)
  Cumulative
    translation adj.      (239)                    239 (c)      -
                      --------    --------    --------     --------
  Total stockholders'
    equity
    (deficiency)      $(70,610)   $ 95,179    $(14,235)    $ 10,334
                      ========    ========    ========     ========

    (a) To reflect the issuance of the Subordinated Debt in the
        amount of $55,000,000, recorded net of a $25,497,000
        valuation  discount, and the issuance of 6,983,284 shares of
        Convertible Preferred Stock, with a par value of $.01, in
        exchange for all of the outstanding Cancelled Notes in the
        amount of $110,600,000, plus accrued interest of $22,850,000
        and less unamortized issue costs of $3,668,000.  The
        resulting gain, net of  $6,000,000 in capital restructuring
        costs, was credited to the accumulated deficit.  The net gain
        on debt restructuring was determined as follows:

                                 F-16
<PAGE>

7. Quasi-Reorganization, Continued

         (Dollars in thousands)

         Face amount of Cancelled Notes                 $110,600
         Accrued interest on Cancelled Notes              22,850
         Unamortized bond issue costs                     (3,668)
                                                        --------
         Sub-total                                       129,782

         Subordinated Debt, net of discount              (29,503)
         Fair value of Convertible
           Preferred Stock                               (33,177)
         Capital restructuring costs                      (6,000)
                                                        --------
         Extraordinary gain on early
           extinguishment of debt                       $ 61,102
                                                        ========

 (b)    To reflect the conversion of the redeemable Class A preferred
        stock into 818,273 shares of common stock.

 (c)    To effect a quasi-reorganization, approved by the Board of
        Directors, by eliminating the excess of cost over net assets
        acquired and eliminating the accumulated deficit and
        cumulative translation adjustment balances against capital in
        excess of par value.

    Subsequent to June 30, 1992, the Company completed the transfer
    of title of its Westford, Massachusetts facility to the mortgagee
    and settled certain tax matters with the parent company of the
    former Concurrent which have been accounted for through
    adjustments to capital in excess of par value as part of the
    Company's quasi-reorganization.

    During the year ended June 30, 1993, the Company utilized net
    operating loss carryforwards, which originated prior to the
    quasi-reorganization.  The utilization of these net operating
    loss carryforwards have been accounted for through adjustments to
    capital in excess of par value.

8. Recapitalization Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited)

    The following unaudited pro forma financial information gives
    effect to the Recapitalization and quasi-reorganization of the
    Company as if such transactions had occurred at the beginning of
    fiscal year 1992.  This information as set forth below does not
    reflect the nonrecurring credit of $61,102,000 related to an
    extraordinary gain on early extinguishment of debt recorded
    during the year ended June 30, 1992.

                                 F-17
<PAGE>

8. Recapitalization Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited),
    Continued

    (Dollars in thousands)
                                               1992
                                             --------
    Net sales                                $221,572
                                             ========
    Net income (loss)                        $  1,661
                                             ========
    Net income (loss)
      per share                              $   0.18
                                             ========

9. Provision for Restructuring

    During the three months ended September 30, 1993, the Company
    recorded a provision for restructuring of $12.0 million in
    connection with its operational restructuring to bring costs in
    line with current and anticipated revenue levels.  The provision
    includes employee terminations, office closings or downsizings
    and other related costs which are approximately 65%, 25% and 10%
    of the provision, respectively.

10. Change in Accounting Estimate

    During the three months ended December 31, 1993, the Company
    recorded a sales and use tax credit of $1.4 million, or $.05 per
    share, related to a change in the estimate of state sales and use
    tax reserves.

11. Concentration of Credit Risk

    Concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables is
    limited due to the large number of customers comprising the
    Company's customer base.  Ongoing credit evaluations of
    customers' financial condition are performed and collateral is
    generally not required.


12. Inventories

    Inventories consist of:

    (Dollars in thousands)
                                                1994      1993
                                              -------   -------
          Raw materials                       $10,770   $11,177
          Work-in-process                       2,872     6,633
          Finished goods                        4,187     4,110
                                              -------   -------
                                              $17,829   $21,920
                                              =======   =======

                                 F-18
<PAGE>

13. Property, Plant and Equipment and Facility Held for Disposal

    Property, plant and equipment consists of:

    (Dollars in thousands)
                                               1994      1993
                                             --------  --------
          Land                               $  5,275  $  5,244
          Buildings                            16,530    16,569
          Machinery and equipment              47,581    41,638
                                             --------  --------
                                               69,386    63,451
          Less:  Accumulated depreciation
                   and amortization           (26,644)  (17,128)
                                             --------  --------
                                             $ 42,742  $ 46,323
                                             ========  ========

   For the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, depreciation
   and amortization expense for property plant and equipment
   amounted to $11,685,000, $12,668,000 and $15,691,000,
   respectively.

   Based on the Company's experience to date, the estimated
   disposal date of the Tinton Falls, New Jersey facility is
   uncertain, therefore the estimated net realizable value of such
   asset has been classified as a non-current facility held for
   disposal at June 30, 1994.


14. Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses

    Accounts payable and accrued expenses consist of:

    (Dollars in thousands)
                                               1994      1993
                                             --------  --------
          Accounts payable - trade           $ 13,327  $ 14,975
          Accrued payroll, vacation
            and other employee expenses        12,775    16,291
          Restructuring costs                   6,274     1,932
          Other accrued expenses               12,311    14,136
                                             --------  --------
                                             $ 44,687  $ 47,334
                                             ========  ========

                                 F-19
<PAGE>

15. Income Taxes

   On July 1, 1993, the Company adopted the provisions of FAS No.
   109.  The cumulative effect of adopting this standard resulted
   in the Company recording a $2.0 million non-cash charge reducing
   its deferred tax assets as of the date of adoption.  Prior
   years' financial statements have not been restated.

   The domestic and foreign components of income (loss) before
   provision for income taxes, extraordinary gain (loss) on early
   extinguishment of debt, and the cumulative effect of change in
   accounting principles are as follows:

   (Dollars in thousands)
                                     1994      1993      1992
                                   --------  --------  --------
         United States             $ (5,758) $  5,797  $ (3,504)
         Foreign                     (4,573)      372     5,349
                                   --------  --------  --------
                                   $(10,331) $  6,169  $  1,845
                                   ========  ========  ========

   The components of the provision for income taxes are as
   follows:

    (Dollars in thousands)
                                     1994      1993      1992
                                   --------  --------  --------
         Current:
           Federal                 $    -    $    300  $    130
           Foreign                    1,300     1,692     2,712
           State                        -          72        70
                                   --------  --------  --------
             Total                 $  1,300  $  2,064  $  2,912
                                   --------  --------  --------
         Deferred:
           Federal                 $    -    $    -    $    -
           Foreign                      -         236      (112)
           State                        -         -         -
                                   --------  --------  --------
             Total                 $    -    $    236  $   (112)
                                   --------  --------  --------
                                   $  1,300  $  2,300  $  2,800
                                   ========  ========  ========

   For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993, the current provision
   for income taxes includes an equivalent charge of $572,000,
   (federal: $430,000 and state: $142,000) which was fully
   offset in capital in excess of par value due to the utilization
   of tax loss carryforwards which originated prior to the
   Company's quasi-reorganization effected on December 31, 1991.

                                 F-20
<PAGE>

15. Income Taxes, Continued

   A reconciliation of the Federal statutory tax provision to the
   Company's provision for income taxes is as follows:

   (Dollars in thousands)
                                        1994      1993      1992
                                      --------  --------  --------
   Income (loss) before provision for
     income taxes, extraordinary gain
     (loss) and cumulative effect of
     change in accounting principles  $(10,331) $  6,169  $  1,845
                                      --------  --------  --------

   Tax at Federal statutory rate        (3,513)    2,097       627
   U.S. Federal and non U.S. net
     operating losses for which no
     tax benefit was recorded            4,466     1,472     1,553
   Difference between U.S. and non
     U.S. income tax rates                  10       329       420
   Tax benefit related to permanent
     differences                           -      (1,496)      -
   State income tax                        -          54        70
   Other                                   337      (156)      130
                                      --------  --------  --------
    Provision for income taxes        $  1,300  $  2,300  $  2,800
                                      ========  ========  ========

   As of June 30, 1994, the Company's deferred tax assets were
   comprised of the following:

         (Dollars in thousands)
                                                 June,30
                                                  1994
    Gross deferred tax assets related to:        -------
        Net operating loss carryforwards         $34,170
        Accumulated depreciation                   5,042
        Restructuring reserves                     4,276
        Inventory reserves                         3,557
        Accrued compensation                       1,544
        Post-retirement benefits                   1,010
        Other                                      3,009
                                                 -------
        Total Gross deferred tax assets           52,608

    Valuation Allowance                          (52,608)
                                                 -------
    Net deferred tax assets                      $     0
                                                 =======

                                 F-21
<PAGE>

15. Income Taxes, Continued

   During fiscal year 1994, the deferred tax liability related to the
   Company's Subordinated Debt was reversed upon the early
   extinguishment of such debt.  In connection with this reversal,
   the Company recorded a corresponding increase to its deferred tax
   asset valuation allowance.

   During the fiscal year ended June  30, 1992, the Company received
   a favorable private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue
   Service which permitted the Company to utilize existing net
   operating loss carryforwards less Alternative Minimum Tax
   limitations to offset the gain on the early extinguishment of debt
   resulting from the Recapitalization.  Approximately $61,100,000
   and $12,000,000 of the Company's net operating loss carryforwards
   for financial reporting and income tax purposes, respectively,
   were utilized to offset the gain on the Recapitalization.

   As of June 30, 1994, the Company has remaining net operating loss
   carryforwards of approximately $79 million for income tax
   purposes.  Approximately $60 million of these net operating loss
   carryforwards originated prior to the Company's
   quasi-reorganization effected on December 31, 1991.

   Any future benefits attributable to the net operating loss
   carryforwards which originated prior to the Company's
   quasi-reorganization effected on December 31, 1991 are accounted
   for through adjustments to capital in excess of par value.  Under
   Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code, future benefits
   attributable to the net operating loss carryforwards and tax
   credits which originated prior to the  quasi-reorganization are
   limited to approximately $1.3 million    per year.  The Company's
   net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2004.  As of
   June 30, 1994, after giving effect to the aforementioned  Internal
   Revenue Code limitation, the Company has remaining utilizable net
   operating loss carryforwards of approximately $45 million for
   income tax purposes.

   Deferred income taxes have not been provided on approximately $7
   million of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries, which
   originated subsequent to the Company's quasi-reorganization
   effected on December 31, 1991, primarily due to either the
   Company's required investment in certain subsidiaries or foreign
   tax rates which exceed the U.S. tax rate.

                                 F-22
<PAGE>

15. Income Taxes, Continued

   Additionally, deferred income taxes have not been provided on
   approximately $3 million of undistributed earnings of foreign
   subsidiaries which originated prior to the Company's
   quasi-reorganization effected on December 31, 1991.  The impact of
   both the subsequent repatriation of such earnings and the
   resulting offset, in full, from the utilization of net operating
   loss carryforwards will be accounted for through adjustments to
   capital in excess of par value.  The Company has sufficient net
   operating loss carryforwards remaining to offset such subsequent
   repatriation.

16. Geographic Information

   Below is a summary of the Company's 1994, 1993 and 1992 financial
   data by geographic area.

    (Dollars in thousands)           1994      1993      1992
                                   --------  --------  --------
    Net Sales:
      United States                $106,256  $141,355  $129,072
      Intercompany                   17,241    20,938    25,517
                                   --------  --------  --------
                                    123,497   162,293   154,589
                                   --------  --------  --------
      Europe                         43,807    47,031    52,871
      Intercompany                       38        19       241
                                   --------  --------  --------
                                     43,845    47,050    53,112
                                   --------  --------  --------
      Asia/Pacific                   26,139    28,350    35,377
      Other                           2,829     3,728     4,252
                                   --------  --------  --------
                                    196,310   241,421   247,330
      Eliminations                  (17,279)  (20,957)  (25,758)
                                   --------  --------  --------
        Total                      $179,031  $220,464  $221,572
                                   ========  ========  ========

   Operating income (loss):
      United States                $ (3,836) $ 18,440  $  7,968
      Europe                         (2,432)     (493)    5,231
      Asia/Pacific                    1,907     2,730     5,098
      Other                             853     1,050     1,073
      General corporate expenses     (2,976)   (3,179)   (3,043)
      Eliminations                     (509)      190       456
                                   --------  --------  --------
        Total                      $ (6,993) $ 18,738  $ 16,783
                                   ========  ========  ========

                                 F-23
<PAGE>

16. Geographic Information, Continued

   (Dollars in thousands)            1994      1993
                                   --------  --------
   Identifiable assets:
      United States                $128,147  $141,054
      Europe                         26,748    32,264
      Asia/Pacific                   18,228    18,754
      Other                           1,815     1,936
      Corporate                       8,285    23,703
      Eliminations                  (60,053)  (60,625)
                                   --------  --------
        Total                      $123,170  $157,086
                                   ========  ========

   Intercompany transfers between geographic areas are accounted for
   at prices similar to those available to comparable unaffiliated
   customers.  Sales to unaffiliated customers outside the U.S.,
   including U.S. export sales, were $73,893,000, $83,134,000 and
   $96,218,000 for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992,
   respectively, which amounts represented 41%, 38%, and 43% of
   total sales for the respective years.

   Sales to the U.S. Government and its agencies amounted to
   $54,757,000, $64,340,000 and $45,772,000, respectively, for the
   years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, which amounts
   represented 31%, 29% and 21% of total sales for the respective
   years.  The Company's revenues are derived from various customer
   sources including Unisys Corp., the prime contractor under the
   U.S. Department of Commerce's Next Generation Radar (NEXRAD)
   program.  Sales to Unisys Corp. amounted to $22,245,000 and
   $35,723,000, respectively, for the years ended June 30, 1994 and
   1993, which amounts represented 12% and 16%, respectively, of
   total revenues.

17. Retirement Benefits

   The Company has a retirement savings plan (the "Plan") available
   to U.S. employees which qualifies as a defined contribution plan
   under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code.  Annual
   Company contributions currently are determined based upon the
   achievement of certain return on equity objectives with the
   minimum contribution being 2% of employees' eligible earnings, as
   defined by the Plan.  The Company also matches a portion of
   employees' before-tax savings.

                                 F-24
<PAGE>

17. Retirement Benefits, Continued

   The Company's annual and matching contributions under this plan
   are as follows:

 (Dollars in thousands)
                                     1994      1993      1992
   Annual contribution:           -------   -------   -------
      Cash                        $   -     $   -     $   530
      Common stock                    767     1,100       530
   Matching contribution              333       359       437
                                  -------   -------   -------
      Total                       $ 1,100   $ 1,459   $ 1,497
                                  =======   =======   =======

   The Company's annual contribution under this Plan for the year
   ended June 30, 1994 will be funded in common stock of the Company
   in the three months ended September 30, 1994.

   Certain foreign subsidiaries of the Company maintain pension
   plans for their employees which conform to the common practice in
   their respective countries.  The pension expense related to these
   plans amounted to $213,000, $286,000 and $33,000 for the years
   ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

   The Company's net pension expense (income) for the years ended
   June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992 consists of the following
   components:

    (Dollars in thousands)                1994      1993     1992
                                       --------  --------  -------
      Service cost                      $  522    $  509   $   478
      Interest cost                        546       539       560
      Return on plan assets               (707)   (1,324)     (685)
      Net amortization and deferral       (148)      562      (320)
                                       -------   -------   -------
                                       $   213   $   286   $    33
                                       =======   =======   =======

   Net pension expense for the year ended June 30, 1992, includes
   (1) a curtailment gain of $160,000 as a result of the reduction
   in work force in connection with the restructuring of the Company
   and (2) a settlement gain of $69,000 as a result of the
   conversion of a subsidiary's defined benefit plan to a defined
   contribution plan.

                                 F-25
<PAGE>

17. Retirement Benefits, Continued

   The funded status of the Company's international pension plans at
   June 30, 1994 and 1993 was as follows:

    (Dollars in thousands)                        1994     1993
                                                 -------  -------
    Actuarial present value of benefit obligations:

      Vested benefit obligation                  $ 6,048  $ 4,840
      Accumulated benefit obligation               6,207    4,938

      Projected benefit obligation                 7,486    6,566
      Plan assets at fair value                    8,718    7,769
                                                 -------  -------
      Plan assets in excess of projected
        benefit obligation                       $ 1,232  $ 1,203
      Unrecognized net asset at transition          (479)    (540)
      Unrecognized net gain                       (1,499)  (1,367)
                                                 -------  -------
      Accrued pension liability                  $  (746) $  (704)
                                                 =======  =======

   In determining the present value of benefit obligations and the
   expected return on plan assets for the Company's foreign pension
   plans, the following assumptions were used for the years ended
   June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992:

                            1994            1993            1992
                       -------------   -------------   -------------
   Discount rate      6.0% to  9.0%   7.5% to  9.0%   8.0% to  9.0%
   Rate of increase
     in future compen-
      sation levels    4.0% to  6.0%   5.5% to  6.0%        6.0%
   Expected long-term
      rate of return   7.0% to 10.0%   7.5% to 10.0%   7.5% to 10.0%

   Plan assets are comprised primarily of investments in managed
   funds consisting of common stock, money market and real estate
   investments.

18. Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions

   On July 1, 1993, the Company adopted the provisions of FAS No.
   106.  In connection with the adoption of this standard, the
   Company recorded a non-cash charge of $3.0 million representing
   the immediate recognition of the accumulated postretirement
   benefit obligation at
   the date of adoption.

                                 F-26
<PAGE>

18. Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions, Continued

   The Company has a plan for retiree medical and life insurance
   benefits for its U.S. employees but does not have any significant
   foreign plans.  Based on the terms of the U.S. plan, participants
   must be age 55 with at least 10 years of service to be eligible
   for medical benefits.  If the retiree is age 55 and has a minimum
   of five years of service, but less than 10 years of service,
   coverage of certain medical benefits can be purchased through the
   Company.

   The comprehensive plan, which may be amended at the Company's
   discretion, provides lifetime coverage for retirees and coverage
   for spouses until one year after the death of the retiree.  The
   plan provides that the Company's costs will be capped at the 1993
   level.  Eligibility for life insurance is restricted to employees
   who retired prior to January 1993.

   The unfunded status of the plan at June 30, 1994 was as follows:

 Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation:

    (Dollars in thousands)
                                                      June 30,
                                                        1994
                                                      -------
         Active Ineligible Plan Participants           $1,115
         Active Eligible Plan Participants                516
         Retirees and Dependents                        1,356
                                                       ------
                                                       $2,987
                                                       ======

   The Company's net periodic postretirement benefit expense
   (income) for the year ended June 30, 1994 consists of the
   following components:

         (Dollars in thousands)
                                                       1994
                                                      -------
      Service cost                                    $   188
      Interest cost                                       238
      Return on plan assets                               -
      Curtailment gain                                   (300)
                                                      -------
                                                      $   126
                                                      =======

                                 F-27
<PAGE>

18. Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions, Continued

   For the years ended June 30, 1993 and 1992, the Company
   recognized postretirement benefit costs as incurred, thus the
   amounts recognized as expense in prior years are not comparable.

   During the year ended June 30, 1994, the Company recorded a
   curtailment gain of $300,000 as a result of the reduction in work
   force in connection with the restructuring of the Company.

   For the year ended June 30, 1994, the weighted-average discount
   rate and the rate of increase in compensation levels used in
   determining the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation was
   7.5% and 5.0%, respectively.

   Assumed health care cost increases, estimated to be 10% for the
   fiscal year 1995, decline at a rate of approximately 0.5% to 1.0%
   per year to the ultimate trend rate of 5.0% in the year 2001.
   Notwithstanding the above, a 1% increase in the health care cost
   trend rate would not have an effect on the accumulated
   postretirement benefit obligation since the plan provides that
   the Company's future costs will be capped at the 1993 level.

19. Employee Stock Plans

   The Company has a Stock Option Plan providing for the grant of
   incentive stock options to employees and non-qualified stock
   options (NSOs) to employees, non-employee directors and
   consultants.  The Stock Option Plan is administered by the Stock
   Award Committee comprised of members of the Management Resources
   Committee of the Board of Directors or the Board of Directors, as
   the case may be.  Under the plan, the Stock Award Committee may
   award, in addition to    stock options, shares of Common Stock on
   a restricted basis.  The plan also specifically provides for
   stock appreciation rights and authorizes the Stock Award
   Committee to provide, either at the time of the grant of an
   option or otherwise, that the option may be cashed out upon terms
   and conditions to be determined by the Committee or the Board.
   Only stock options, which for the most part contain limited stock
   appreciation rights in connection with a change of control
   followed by certain subsequent events, have been granted under
   the plan.  The plan terminates on January 31, 2002.  Stockholders
   have approved the purchase of up to 3,164,725 shares under the
   plan.

   During fiscal year 1994, stock options to purchase an aggregate
   of 1,785,822 shares of Common Stock were granted, with an
   exercise price equal to at least the fair market value on the
   effective date of grant.  During fiscal year 1994, options to
   purchase 283 shares were exercised.

                                 F-28
<PAGE>

19. Employees Stock Plans, Continued

   After giving retroactive effect to the February 1992 one for ten
   reverse stock split, changes in options outstanding under these
   plans during the years ended June 30, 1992, 1993 and 1994 are as
   follows:

                                      Number of        Price
                                       Options       Per Option
                                      ---------    ----------------
   Outstanding at June 30, 1991         359,299    $  .10 - $150.00
   Granted                              792,556    $ 2.13 - $  9.06
   Exercised                             (6,531)   $ 1.88 - $  3.75
   Cancelled                           (158,008)   $ 1.88 - $150.00
                                     ----------    ----------------
   Outstanding at June 30, 1992         987,316    $  .10 - $ 58.75
   Granted                              759,663    $ 2.13 - $  6.50
   Exercised                             (2,140)   $ 1.88 - $  4.38
   Cancelled                            (41,648)   $ 1.88 - $ 53.75
                                     ----------    ----------------
   Outstanding at June 30, 1993       1,703,191    $  .10 - $ 58.75
   Granted                            1,785,822    $ 1.63 - $  3.31
   Exercised                               (283)   $ 1.88 - $  2.13
   Cancelled                           (697,713)   $ 1.88 - $ 58.75
                                     ----------    ----------------
   Outstanding at June 30, 1994       2,791,017    $  .10 - $ 56.25
                                     ==========    ================

   Included in the options granted in fiscal year 1992 are 670,168
   options granted during fiscal year 1991 which were contingent
   upon the completion of the Recapitalization.  The exercise price
   of these options approximated the fair market value of the
   Company's common stock at the date of the Recapitalization.

   Included in the 1,785,822 options granted in fiscal year 1994 are
   777,850 options granted in consideration of the eight-month
   deferral of worldwide annual merit salary increases and 117,728
   options granted in consideration of the cancellation of a like
   number of previously granted stock options and the restarting of
   the vesting schedule associated with the cancelled options.

   Options with respect to 899,270 shares of common stock, with an
   average exercise price of $3.67, were exercisable at June 30,
   1994.

                                 F-29
<PAGE>

19. Employees Stock Plans, Continued

   Employee Stock Purchase Plan

   The Company has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the "Purchase
   Plan") pursuant to which the Company is authorized to grant
   rights to employees to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,000,000
   shares of common stock in a series of offerings, each of which
   generally lasts six to twelve months.  Unless extended by the
   stockholders, the Purchase Plan expires December 31, 1997.
   Substantially all employees are eligible to participate in the
   Purchase Plan.  The purchase price of shares of common stock is
   limited to the lesser of 85% of the fair market value of the
   common stock on the commencement of the offering and the last day
   of the offering.  As of June 30, 1994, the Company had issued
   250,073 shares and had 749,927 shares of common stock available
   for issuance pursuant to the Purchase Plan.


20. Rights Plan

   On July 31, 1992, the Board of Directors of the Company declared
   a dividend distribution of one Series A Participating Cumulative
   Preferred Right for each share of the Company's  common stock and
   Convertible Preferred Stock.  The dividend was made to
   stockholders of record on August 14, 1992.  Under the rights
   plan, each Right becomes exercisable unless redeemed (1) after a
   third party owns 20% or more of the outstanding shares of the
   Company's voting stock and engages in one or more specified
   self-dealing transactions, (2) after a third party owns 30% or
   more of the outstanding voting stock or (3) following the
   announcement of a tender or exchange offer that would result in a
   third party owning 30% or more of the Company's voting stock.
   Any of these events would trigger the rights plan and entitle
   each right holder to purchase from the Company one one-hundredth
   of a share of Series A Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock
   at a cash price of $30 per right.

   Under certain circumstances following satisfaction of third party
   ownership tests of the Company's voting stock, upon exercise each
   holder of a right would be able to receive common stock of the
   Company or its equivalent, or common stock of the acquiring
   entity, in each case having a value of two times the exercise
   price of the right.  The rights will expire on August 14, 2002
   unless earlier exercised or redeemed, or earlier termination of
   the plan.

   The adoption of the plan reinstated a similar rights plan put in
   place in July 1989, which was terminated in connection with the
   Recapitalization to avoid its inadvertent trigger.

                                 F-30
<PAGE>

21. Quarterly Consolidated Financial Information (Unaudited)

   The following is a summary of quarterly financial results for
   the years ended June 30, 1994 and 1993:

    (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts)

    1994
    ----                                Three Months Ended
                            -----------------------------------------
                            September   December  March 31,  June 30,
                            30, 1993    31, 1993    1994      1994
                            ---------   --------  --------  --------
    Net sales                $ 49,360    $40,688   $44,059   $44,924
    Gross margin             $ 22,852    $15,783   $17,531   $19,875
    Income (loss) before
      extraordinary loss and
      cumulative effect of
      change in accounting
      principles             $(11,015)   $(3,492)  $   579   $ 2,297
    Net income (loss) (a)    $(39,208)   $(3,492)  $   579   $ 2,297
    Income (loss) per share: (b)
      Income (loss) before
        extraordinary loss and
        cumulative effect of
        change in accounting
        principles           $  (0.47)   $ (0.12)  $  0.02   $  0.08
      Net income (loss)      $  (1.67)   $ (0.12)  $  0.02   $  0.08


   (a)  Net loss for the three months ended September 30, 1993
        reflects an extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of debt
        of $23,193,000 ($0.99 per share), a cumulative effect of
        change in accounting principles of $5.0 million ($0.21 per
        share) and a provision for restructuring of $12.0 million.
        Net loss for the three months ended December 31, 1993 reflects
        a sales and use tax credit of $1,440,000.  Net income for the
        three months ended June 30, 1994 reflects a non-recurring
        provision for inventory reserves of $1.5 million.

   (b)  Net income (loss) per share when added does not equal the
        reported fiscal year amount primarily due to the effect on
        average shares outstanding from the issuance of 324,377 shares
        of common stock during the three months ended September 30,
        1993 in connection with the annual contribution to the
        Company's retirement savings plan for fiscal year 1993 and the
        issuance of 19,700,000 shares of common stock and the
        conversion of 6,981,706 shares of Convertible Preferred Stock
        to common stock during the three months ended
        September 30, 1993 in connection with the Refinancing (see
        Note 3).

                                 F-31
<PAGE>

21. Quarterly Consolidated Financial Information (Unaudited), Continued


    1993
    ----                                Three Months Ended
                           ------------------------------------------
                            September   December   March 31,  June 30,
                             30, 1992   31, 1992     1993      1993
                           ---------  ---------  ---------  ---------
    Net sales               $ 54,217   $ 54,479   $ 56,090   $ 55,678
    Gross margin            $ 25,494   $ 25,193   $ 26,122   $ 28,032
    Net income              $  1,028   $    705   $  1,014   $  1,122
    Net income per share(a) $   0.11   $   0.07   $   0.10   $   0.11

   (a)   Net income per share when added does not equal the reported
         yearly amount primarily due to the effect on average shares
         outstanding from the issuance of 336,404 shares of common
         stock during the three months ended December 31, 1992 in
         connection with the annual contribution to the Company's
         retirement savings plan for fiscal year 1992, along with the
         issuance of 67,021 shares of common stock during the three
         months ended June 30, 1993 under the Employee Stock Purchase
         Plan.

22. Commitments and Contingencies

   The Company leases certain sales and service offices, warehousing,
   and equipment.  The leases expire at various dates through 2005 and
   generally provide for the payment of taxes, insurance and
   maintenance costs.  Additionally, certain leases contain escalation
   clauses which provide for increased rents resulting from the pass
   through of increases in operating costs, property taxes and
   consumer price indexes.

   At June 30, 1994, future minimum payments under noncancellable
   operating leases for the fiscal years ending June 30 of each year
   are as follows:

    (Dollars in thousands)

         1995                                       $5,021
         1996                                        4,138
         1997                                        3,074
         1998                                        1,962
         1999                                          672
         2000 and thereafter                           278
                                                   -------
                                                   $15,145
                                                   =======

                                 F-32
<PAGE>

22. Commitments and Contingencies, Continued

   Rent expense amounted to $8,369,000, $9,731,000, and $10,012,000
   for the years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

   The Company, from time to time, is involved in litigation
   incidental to the conduct of its business.  The Company and its
   counsel believe that such pending litigation will not have a
   material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations or
   financial condition.

   The Company has entered into employment agreements with its
   executive officers.  In the event an executive officer is
   terminated directly by the Company without cause or in certain
   circumstances constructively by the Company, the terminated officer
   will be paid severance compensation for a one-year period (a
   two-year period in the case of the Chief Executive Officer) in an
   annualized amount equal to the respective officer's annual salary
   then in effect plus an amount equal to the then most recent annual
   bonus paid or, if determined, payable, to such officer.  Based on
   annual salaries as of August 1994 and stock awards granted in
   August 1994, in respect of fiscal year 1994, the maximum contingent
   liability at June 30, 1994 under these agreements is approximately
   $1.8 million.  The Company's employment agreements with its
   executive officers contain certain offset provisions, as defined in
   their respective agreements.

   On May 5, 1992, the Company completed the sale of its Cork, Ireland
   facility to the Industrial Development Authority (IDA).  Under the
   terms of this agreement, the Company is required to maintain its
   European service/repair center in Ireland through April 30, 1998
   and maintain minimum employment levels.  In the event the Company
   does not meet these requirements, the IDA may require payment of up
   to approximately $550,000 (360,000 Irish pounds).  The Company's
   contingent obligation to the IDA is collateralized by the machinery
   and equipment of the Company's Ireland subsidiary.

                                 F-33
<PAGE>

  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
  OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

  Overview

       During the second half of fiscal year 1994, Concurrent returned to
  profitability and achieved revenue growth (compared to the fiscal  quarter
  ended December 31, 1993) after two quarters of losses and  declining revenues
  during the six months ended December 31, 1993.   The losses and declining
  revenues resulted from the effects of a significant unexpected decline in
  incoming business during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 1993.  The
  Company's profit performance during the second half of fiscal year 1994
  reflects the  combination of improved revenues and a substantial cost
  reduction  effort.  Positive sales momentum is building for new MAXION
  systems  but may fall short of plan goals which may effect revenue growth in 
  fiscal year 1995.  Although sales of new MAXION systems are growing,  a
  decline in sales of systems other than MAXION systems may result  in a
  decline in revenue in the quarter ending September 30, 1994 compared to the
  previous quarter.  Nevertheless, the goals for fiscal year 1995 are to
  achieve improved profitability and revenue  growth.  The Company plans to
  continue to evaluate and manage its  existing cost structure to anticipated
  revenue levels to achieve improved profitability and quarter to quarter
  revenue growth during  fiscal year 1995.  However, there can be no assurance
  that these goals will be achieved.

       The Company believes the decline in incoming business during its quarter
  ended September 30, 1993 reflected worldwide economic  conditions which had
  not been conducive to the capital goods investment cycle as customers delayed
  spending until signs of recovery were stronger.  This trend was particularly
  noticeable in  the Company's previously predictable proprietary systems
  business.   The business has also been affected by further declines and
  delays  in certain government spending around the world, including shipments 
  of spare parts under the U.S. Department of Commerce's Next Generation
  Weather Radar (NEXRAD) program, and the highly competitive nature of the
  real-time computer industry.

       In reaction to the decline in incoming business, the Company took steps
  to restructure its operations to reduce its cost structure and to focus its
  revenue generating activities with the  objectives to fund growth and ongoing
  development programs, particularly related to its new MAXION multiprocessor
  open system   and Series 3200-850 product lines, and to achieve
  profitability.   Restructuring and other actions taken since the first fiscal
  quarter  have reduced the Company's cost structure by approximately $8.0
  million per quarter.  Such cost savings began during the second quarter of
  fiscal year 1994 and were fully realized during the fourth quarter of fiscal
  year 1994.  Total cash flow savings from  these actions began during the
  third quarter of fiscal year 1994 and  will be significantly realized after
  the fourth quarter of fiscal  1994.  Cost reduction actions taken included
  reducing the Company's  worldwide work force by about 300 employees;
  consolidating certain  field offices; and reducing spending.  Actions taken
  to focus revenue generating activities include restructuring the sales,
  services and marketing field operations.  The actions are intended   

                                    F-34
<PAGE>

  to enhance revenue growth by decentralizing and localizing appropriate
  decision-making authority to be more competitive and responsive to customers. 
  The Company is also focusing on a variety  of growth initiatives, including
  its recently announced entry into  the multimedia interactive server market
  and other new markets for  the MAXION open system.  The Company continues to
  expand relationships with strategic partners and is working on new high-
  potential distribution and marketing alliances.

       The Company's objective is to increase revenues by providing real-time
  computer systems and services to its installed base of proprietary systems
  and to its open systems target markets.  The achievement of these objectives
  requires that the Company continue  to enhance its proprietary hardware and
  operating system platforms,  while investing in the development of its real-
  time open system hardware and operating systems and providing industry
  standard product enhancements, such as networking, graphics and data
  acquisition.  The future growth of the Company's business and its  future
  financial performance will depend, to a significant extent,  upon its ability
  to develop and market competitive open systems which meet the real-time
  computing needs of its targeted customers.  

       During the quarter ended March 31, 1994, the first full-scale production
  units of the MAXION open system and Series 3200-850 proprietary system were
  shipped on time to customers.  Both products  were introduced during the
  quarter ended December 31, 1993.  The Series 3200-850 proprietary system
  provides improved price/performance and an upward growth path for the
  Company's Series  3200 customers -- a significant portion of its installed
  base.  The  MAXION open system is the world's first multiprocessor system
  employing crosspoint architecture.  It is among the most price/performance
  competitive multiprocessing systems available in  the market today.   The
  MAXION system technology has been well received in the market and the Company
  believes the MAXION system  has strengthened its competitive position in the
  marketplace.

       One of the goals of the Company's strategy is to minimize the effect of
  the anticipated decline in sales of the Company's proprietary systems and
  traditional maintenance and support services, while increasing sales of its
  open systems and professional services, such as performance and capacity
  analysis and  systems integration.  A shift in sales from proprietary systems
  is  likely to result in lower gross margins.  Currently, gross margins  on
  open systems are lower than gross margins on proprietary systems.  The
  Company's operating income would be adversely affected  by such a shift
  unless total net sales increase, the gross margins  on its open systems
  improve and/or total operating expenses are further reduced.  Although there
  can be no assurance that this will  be the case, the Company believes gross
  margins on its open systems   will improve with the continued implementation
  of its value-added  market strategy.  This strategy involves the continued
  introduction  of new next generation open system products, which the Company
  believes will generate higher gross margins than its older open systems
  products.  It also involves the development and sale of      

                                    F-35
<PAGE>

  value-added products and services such as software productivity and 
  development tools, and packaged services comprised of Traditional  Services
  and Professional Services, which sales are expected to have  an aggregate
  positive impact on total gross margins.

       Effective September 16, 1994, James P. McCloskey (former Vice President,
  Finance and Treasurer, Chief Financial Officer) accepted  an offer to join a
  company in an unrelated industry and stepped down  as an employee of the
  Company.













                                    F-36
<PAGE>

  Selected Operating Data as a Percentage of Net Sales

       The Company considers its computer systems and service business
  (including maintenance, support and training) to be one class of products
  which accounted for the percentages of net sales set forth  below.  The
  following table sets forth selected operating data as a  percentage of net
  sales for certain items in the Company's consolidated statements of
  operations for the periods indicated.

                                                 Years Ended June 30,
                                                ----------------------
                                                1994    1993     1992
                                                -----   -----    -----  
    Net sales:                      
       Computer systems                          50.8%   55.1%    53.0%    
       Service and other                         49.2    44.9     47.0
                                                -----   -----    -----
          Total net sales                       100.0   100.0    100.0
       Cost of sales (% of respective sales
         category):
       Computer systems                          56.2    45.7     48.0    
       Service and other                         58.9    60.7     58.1
                                                -----   -----    -----
          Total cost of sales                    57.5    52.4     52.7
                                                         
    Gross margin                                 42.5    47.6     47.3
       Operating expenses: 
       Research and development                  13.3    12.2    11.8
       Selling, general and administrative       27.2    26.9    27.9
       Provisionfor restructuring                 6.7      -        -
       Sales and use tax credit                  (0.8)     -        -
                                                -----   -----    -----
          Total operating expenses               46.4    39.1     39.7
                                                 -----   ----    -----
    Operating income (loss)                      (3.9)    8.5      7.6

    Interest expense                             (1.9)   (6.1)    (7.3) 
    Interest income                               0.3     0.5      0.7 
    Other income (expense) - net                 (0.3)   (0.1)    (0.1)
                                                -----   -----    -----
    Income (loss) before provision for income
       taxes, extraordinary gain (loss) and
       cumulative effect of change in 
       accounting principles                     (5.8)    2.8      0.9

    Provision for income taxes                    0.7     1.0      1.3
                                                -----   -----    -----
    Income (loss) before extraordinary gain
       (loss) and cumulative effect of change
       in accounting principles (a)              (6.5)%   1.8%    (0.4)%
                                                =====   =====     =====

  (a)  The percentage for the year ended June 30, 1994 excludes a 
       $23.2 million extraordinary loss on early extinguishment of 
       debt and a $5.0 million non-cash charge for the cumulative 
       effect of change in accounting principles.  The percentage for 
       the year ended June 30, 1992 excludes a $61.1 million 
       extraordinary gain on early extinguishment of debt.

                                    F-37
<PAGE>

  Results Of Operations

  Fiscal Year 1994 in Comparison to Fiscal Year 1993


  Net Sales

       Net sales for fiscal year 1994 were $179.0 million, a decrease of $41.5
  million from fiscal year 1993. This decrease was due to a  decrease of $30.6
  million, or 25.1%, in computer systems sales and a  decrease of $10.9
  million, or 11.0%, in service and other revenues.  The decrease in computer
  system sales was primarily due to a decline  in worldwide business resulting
  from declines and delays in certain  government spending around the world,
  including shipments of spare  parts under the U.S. Department of Commerce's
  Next Generation Weather Radar (NEXRAD) program, and the highly competitive
  nature of  the real-time computer industry. The decrease in service and other 
  revenues was primarily due to the decline in computer system sales 
  experienced in prior periods which resulted in fewer maintenance contracts, a
  decline in renewal rates on maturing contracts and approximately $.7 million
  related to the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange rates.

  Gross Margin

       Gross Margin, as measured in dollars and as a percentage of net sales,
  was $76.0 million and 42.5%, respectively, for fiscal year  1994 compared to
  $104.8 million and 47.6%, respectively, for fiscal  year 1993. The decrease
  in gross margin dollars and percentage was  primarily due to the
  aforementioned decline in net sales, unfavorable discounting of older
  products, unfavorable product mix  and manufacturing expenses associated with
  the ramp-up of full-scale  production of the MAXION multiprocessor system
  partially offset by  cost savings resulting from the operational
  restructuring during fiscal year 1994.

  Operating Income (Loss)

       Operating loss for fiscal year 1994 was $7.0 million compared to
  operating income of $18.7 million for fiscal year 1993. The $25.7  million
  decrease in operating income was due to the aforementioned  $28.8 million
  decrease in gross margin and a $12.0 million provision  for restructuring
  partially offset by a sales and use tax credit of  $1.4 million related to a
  change in the estimate of state sales and  use tax reserves and a $13.7
  million reduction in operating expenses.

       The $13.7 million decrease in operating expenses was primarily due to a
  $10.6 million decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses, a
  $1.5 million decrease in gross research  and development expenses and a $1.5
  million increase in capitalized  software production costs.  The decrease in
  selling, general and administrative and gross research and development
  expenses is primarily due to cost savings resulting from the operational
  restructuring during fiscal year 1994 and the completion of extensive
  development effort on the MAXION multiprocessor system.

                                    F-38
<PAGE>

  Income (Loss) Before Extraordinary Gain (Loss) and Cumulative Effect  of
  Change in Accounting Principles

  Loss before extraordinary gain (loss) and cumulative effect of change in
  accounting principles was $11.6 million for fiscal year  1994 compared to
  income of $3.9 million for fiscal year 1993.  The  $15.5 million change
  results from the aforementioned $25.7 million  decrease in operating income
  partially offset by a $10.2 million net  decrease in non-operating expenses. 
  The decrease in non-operating  expenses was primarily due to a $10.1 million
  decrease in interest  expense resulting from the reduction of the Company's
  indebtedness  and a decrease in the provision for income taxes partially
  offset by  an increase in foreign exchange losses.


  Fiscal Year 1993 in Comparison to Fiscal Year 1992


  Net Sales

       Net sales for fiscal year 1993 were $220.5 million, a decrease of $1.1
  million from fiscal year 1992. This decrease was due to a  decrease of $5.2
  million, or 5.0%, in service and other revenues partially offset by an
  increase of $4.1 million, or 3.5%, in computer systems sales.  The decrease
  in service and other revenues  was due to fewer maintenance contracts
  resulting from the decline in  computer systems sales experienced in prior
  periods and approximately $1.7 million related to the impact of unfavorable
  foreign exchange rates. The increase in computer systems sales was  due to an
  increase in domestic systems sales partially offset by a  decline in
  international systems sales. The decline in international  systems sales was
  primarily due to poor economic conditions worldwide and approximately $1.0
  million related to the impact of  unfavorable foreign exchange rates. 
  Domestic sales increased primarily due to shipments under the U.S. Department
  of Commerce's  Next Generation Weather Radar (NEXRAD) program.

  Gross Margin

       Gross Margin, as measured in dollars and as a percentage of net sales,
  was $104.8 million and 47.6%, respectively, for fiscal year  1993 compared to
  $104.7 million and 47.3%, respectively, for fiscal  year 1992. The increase
  in both gross margin dollars and percentage  was primarily attributable to an
  increase in computer systems sales  and a $1.1 million decrease in non-cash
  charges (attributable to the  completion during fiscal year 1992 of
  amortization and depreciation  of certain assets associated with the
  acquisition of former Concurrent), partially offset by the reduction in
  service and other revenues.

                                    F-39
<PAGE>

  Operating Income

       Operating income for fiscal year 1993 was $18.7 million compared to
  $16.8 million for fiscal year 1992. The $1.9 million increase in operating
  income was primarily attributable to a decrease in operating expenses.

       Operating expenses decreased to $86.1 million for fiscal year 1993 from
  $87.9 million for fiscal year 1992. The decrease was primarily due to a $2.2
  million decrease in non-cash charges (attributable to the completion during
  fiscal year 1992 of amortization and depreciation of certain assets
  associated with the  acquisition of former Concurrent) and a decrease in
  selling, general  and administrative expenses of $1.0 million partially
  offset by an  increase in research and development expenses of $1.4 million
  primarily due to investment in the Company's next generation of 
  products.

  Income (Loss) Before Extraordinary Gain (Loss)

       Income before extraordinary gain (loss) was $3.9 million for fiscal year
  1993 compared to a loss before extraordinary gain of $1.0 million for fiscal
  year 1992. Income (loss) before extraordinary gain (loss) improved by $4.9
  million as a result of a  decrease in non-operating expenses of $3.0 million
  and an increase  in operating income of $1.9 million.  The $3.0 million
  decrease in  non-operating expenses was primarily due to a decrease in
  interest  expense of $2.7 million primarily related to the overall reduction 
  of the Company's indebtedness and a decrease in the provision for  income
  taxes.

                                    F-40
<PAGE>

  Financial Resources and Liquidity

       Liquidity of the business is dependent on many factors, including sales
  volume, operating profit ratio, debt service and the  efficiency of asset
  utilization and turnover.  Historically, the Company has derived
  approximately 75% of its total computer systems  and service revenues from
  its installed base and from long-term programs which, until recently,
  provided a stable and generally predictable source of revenue and cash flow. 
  The future liquidity  of the Company's business will depend to a significant
  extent on: 1)  its ability to develop and achieve significant growth of open
  systems while revenues attributable to sales and service of proprietary
  systems decline; 2) whether sales and services to its  installed base,
  particularly of proprietary systems, decline more  rapidly than anticipated;
  3) its ongoing cost containment efforts;  and 4) efforts to raise additional
  debt or equity if necessary.

       As a result of lower than expected sales and orders volume in the first
  quarter of fiscal year 1994, the Company restructured its  operations and
  recorded a provision for restructuring of $12.0 million.  The provision
  includes employee terminations, office closings or downsizings and other
  related costs which are approximately 65%, 25% and 10% of the provision,
  respectively.  The  Company is restructuring its operations to reduce its
  cost structure  and to focus its revenue generating activities with the
  objective to  fund growth and ongoing development programs, particularly
  related  to the new MAXION system and Series 3200-850 product lines, and to 
  achieve profitability.

       The Company estimates that the cost savings related to the restructuring
  of operations and other actions taken since the first  fiscal quarter will be
  approximately $8 million per quarter when fully realized.  Such cost savings
  began during the second quarter  of fiscal year 1994 and were substantially
  realized during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 1994.  The cost savings
  actions primarily include reductions in work force, office closings or
  downsizings and reduced or controlled spending on items such as salaries,
  employee benefits, consulting, auto leases, travel and other costs. 
  Primarily due to employee termination costs which are  paid out over a period
  of time following termination, total cash outlays related to the cost savings
  actions did not decline until  the quarter ending June 30, 1994, and will not
  significantly decline  until after that quarter.  The Company believes that
  it will be able  to fund the cash outlays related to the cost savings actions
  through  cash flow from operations under the restructured organization and by 
  managing the timing of certain restructuring payments (e.g., office  lease
  buy-outs).

       On July 21, 1993, the Company completed a comprehensive refinancing (the
  "Refinancing"). The objectives of the Refinancing  were to reduce and improve
  the terms of the Company's indebtedness,  improve the Company's capital
  structure and financial flexibility,
                                    F-41
<PAGE>

  reduce interest expense and improve profitability, and increase the market
  liquidity of the Common Stock.

       The Refinancing reduced total indebtedness by an aggregate amount of
  approximately $67 million and, consequently, reduced the  Company's total
  debt to total capitalization ratio from greater than 80% to approximately 42%
  (on a pro forma basis) and 46% as of  June 30, 1993 and June 30, 1994,
  respectively.  Additionally, the  Refinancing reduced annual interest expense
  by more than $10 million during fiscal year 1994 and will reduce annual
  interest expense by more than $10 million during each of the next three
  fiscal years (with a reduction in cash interest expense of more than $5
  million in fiscal year 1994 and more than $7 million per year thereafter). 
  The Company also has tax basis net operating loss carryforwards available to
  offset future U.S. federal, state  and certain foreign taxable income.

       As of June 30, 1994, the Company had a current ratio of 1.0 to 1, an
  inventory turnover ratio of 5.2 times and negative working capital of $0.6
  million.  At June 30, 1994, cash and cash  equivalents amounted to $9.4
  million and accounts receivable amounted to $34.5 million.

       At June 30, 1994, the outstanding balance of the Amended Term Loan was
  $23.0 million. Pursuant to the Refinancing, the Amended Term Loan
  amortization schedule was revised to provide for 24 equal installments of
  $687,500 each commencing July 30, 1993 and each month thereafter, with a
  final payment of $12 million payable  October 1, 1995.  On August 19, 1994,
  the maturity date of the Amended Term Loan was extended from the original
  maturity date of  June 30, 1995 to October 1, 1995.  The Company has the
  right to prepay the Amended Term Loan at any time without penalty.

       On September 28 and November 18, 1993 and on February 18 and August 19,
  1994, the Company's Amended Term Loan agreement was amended to modify certain
  financial covenants.  The amendments on  November 18, 1993 and February 18,
  1994 also waived the Company's  requirements with respect to certain
  financial covenants for the three months ended September 30 and December 31,
  1993, respectively.

       On November 10, 1993, the Amended Term Loan agreement was amended to
  allow the Company to defer up to four monthly principal  amortization
  payments, depending on cash balances, until April 1,  1994 and to provide for
  up to $3 million in standby letters of credit in connection with overseas
  lines of credit.  In consideration of the amendment, the Company made a $3
  million principal prepayment, which was applied to the term loan amortization
  payment due on the October 1, 1995 maturity date, from the proceeds of
  borrowings under such overseas lines of credit.

       The February 18, 1994 amendment allowed the Company to further defer the
  four monthly principal amortization payments until September 30, 1994, at
  which time two of the deferred        

                                    F-42
<PAGE>

  monthly principal amortization payments are due, and December 31,  1994, at
  which time the remaining two deferred monthly principal amortization payments
  are due.  The deferred payments are in addition to the regular monthly
  amortization payments due on these  dates.  In connection with this
  amendment, the Company granted an  aggregate of 600,000 of stock purchase
  warrants to the banks.  The  warrants were issued with an exercise price per
  share of $1.50 (the fair market value of a share of the Company's common
  stock on  February 18, 1994) and expire on September 30, 1994.  The warrants 
  provide for the possibility of an extension, at the option of the  banks, of
  the expiration date of these warrants in consideration of further extensions
  of the four monthly principal amortization payments and a restructuring of
  the Amended Term Loan. The Company  and the banks are in discussions to
  provide for the repayment of the four deferred monthly payments over the time
  period ending October 1, 1995.  An extended payment plan would provide the
  Company with additional flexibility to fund its revenue growth initiatives.

       The amendments to the Amended Term Loan were obtained to provide the
  Company with greater financial flexibility in light of: 1) lower than
  expected revenues and financial results for the  first six months of fiscal
  year 1994, 2) a $12 million provision for restructuring recorded during the
  three months ended September  30, 1993 and 3) anticipated financial results
  for the remainder of  fiscal year 1994 and for fiscal year 1995.  Depending
  on the revenue levels attained during fiscal year 1995, the Company may need
  to seek additional flexibility with respect to its obligations under its
  Amended Term Loan.

       The Company is currently in discussions with its banks in an attempt to
  restructure its bank term loan to provide for the repayment of the $12.0
  million due at maturity over a 24 month period and to establish a revolver
  credit facility.  The Company is also exploring a refinancing of the bank
  term loan with other lenders.  However, there can be no assurance that any
  such agreements will be reached.

       The Company has placed its Tinton Falls office facility for sale.  In
  the event the Company sells the facility, the Company will be required to
  make a prepayment of the Amended Term Loan in  an amount equal to 75% of the
  net proceeds to the Company from such sale, after any payments to the lenders
  under a prior term loan pursuant to a disposition proceeds sharing
  arrangement.  The  prepayment would be applied to payments due in inverse
  order of maturity.

       Although management believes that anticipated improvements in cash flow
  from operations resulting from the restructuring of operations and other
  actions, together with reduced debt service requirements resulting from the
  Refinancing, will enhance the Company's ability to manage its cash
  requirements, the short term  prospects for the Company's liquidity are
  dependent to a significant degree upon the level of revenue from sales and
  service of its computer systems and the Company's ongoing  restructuring and
  cost containment actions.  The decline in        

                                    F-43
<PAGE>

  revenue during the six months ended December 31, 1993 adversely affected the
  Company's liquidity.  Although revenues for the three  months ended March 31,
  1994 and June 30, 1994, respectively, increased compared to the three months
  ended December 31, 1993, future declines may adversely affect the Company's
  ability to meet  obligations when due.  In addition, to the extent that sales
  of the Company's new open systems significantly increase, the Company  will
  have increased working capital requirements to fund inventory  and capital
  equipment needs.  Management believes its ability to fund this potential need
  for increased working capital through internal cash flow will depend on the
  rate of growth and there may  be a need to obtain financing from outside
  sources.  There can be  no assurance that such financing can be obtained.

       The Company has not adopted the provisions of Statement of Financial
  Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for  Postemployment
  Benefits."  This standard requires that companies providing postemployment
  benefits to their employees accrue the cost of such benefits throughout the
  employees service period.  The Company is currently analyzing the standard to
  determine the impact, if any, on the Company's reported results of operations
  or  financial condition.  The Company is required to adopt this standard by
  fiscal year 1995.  The Company believes this standard  will not have a
  material impact on the Company's liquidity and results of operations.


                                     F-44
<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                                    CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
                                                                        SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                                                            (Dollars in Thousands, except per share amounts)
<CAPTION>
                                                                          Years Ended June 30,
                                                     ----------------------------------------------------------
Income Statement Data                                   1994        1993        1992        1991         1990
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Net Sales:
    Computer systems                                   $91,035    $121,578    $117,516    $142,635    $230,994
    Service and other                                   87,996      98,886     104,056     112,310     109,119
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
          Total                                        179,031     220,464     221,572     254,945     340,113
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
Cost of Sales:
    Computer systems                                    51,198      55,556      56,454      90,883     116,694
    Service and other                                   51,792      60,067      60,407      70,403      70,964
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
          Total                                        102,990     115,623     116,861     161,286     187,658
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
Gross Margin                                            76,041     104,841     104,711      93,659     152,455
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
Operating expenses:
    Research and development                            23,823      26,824      26,115      38,064      43,038
    Selling, general and administrative                 48,651      59,279      61,813      72,595      94,442
    Provisions for restructuring and
         other non-recurring charges                    12,000        -           -         16,922      27,200
    Sales and use tax credit                            (1,440)       -           -           -           -
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
          Total                                         83,034      86,103      87,928     127,581     164,680
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
Operating income (loss)                                 (6,993)     18,738      16,783     (33,922)    (12,225)

Interest expense                                        (3,486)    (13,553)    (16,228)    (28,102)    (26,666)
Interest income                                            634       1,167       1,559       1,395         973
Other income (expense) - net                              (486)       (183)       (269)     (3,402)     (1,186)
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
Income (loss) before provision for income taxes,
     extraordinary gain (loss) and cumulative
     effect of change in accounting principle          (10,331)      6,169       1,845     (64,031)    (39,104)
Provision for income taxes                               1,300       2,300       2,800       2,803       2,550
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
Income (loss) before extraordinary gain (loss)
     and cumulative effect of change in
     accounting principles                             (11,631)      3,869        (955)    (66,834)    (41,654)
Extraordinary gain (loss) on early
     extinguishment of debt                            (23,193)       -         61,102        -           -
Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles
     for income taxes and postretirement bene           (5,000)       -           -           -           -
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
Net income (loss)                                     ($39,824)     $3,869     $60,147    ($66,834)    ($41,654)
                                                     =========    ========    ========    ========    =========
Income (loss) per share:
    Income (loss) before extraordinary gain (loss)
       and cumulative effect of change in
       accounting principles                            ($0.41)      $0.40      ($0.13)    ($35.46)    ($22.85)
    Extraordinary gain (loss) on early
       extinguishment of debt                            (0.83)       -           8.13        -           -
    Cumulative effect of change in accounting principles
       for income taxes and postretirement be            (0.18)       -           -           -           -
                                                     ---------    --------    --------    --------    ---------
    Net income (loss)  (a)                              ($1.42)      $0.40       $8.00     ($35.46)    ($22.85)
                                                     =========    ========    ========    ========    =========
<FN>
                   (a)  Net income (loss) per share for all periods has been restated for the effect of the Company's
                        one for ten reverse stock split.
</TABLE>


                                                                    F-45

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                                                    CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
                                                                        SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                                                             (Dollars in Thousands, except per share amounts)
<CAPTION>
                                                                                At June 30,
                                                         -----------------------------------------------------
Balance Sheet Data                                         1994       1993        1992        1991        1990
                                                         ------     -------     -------     -------     -------
<S>                                                     <C>         <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>
Cash and short-term investments                          $9,374     $30,422     $20,611     $23,439     $25,725


Working capital                                            (616)     36,673      22,742    (146,937)   (124,499)

Total assets                                            123,170     157,086     158,136     213,351     298,883


Long-term debt                                           13,240      67,938      61,613       2,131      13,632


Redeemable preferred stock                                  -           -           -           900         900


Stockholders' equity (deficiency)                        35,048      18,503      14,739     (69,195)     (2,442)


Book value per share  (a)                                 $1.18       $1.94       $1.61     ($36.15)     ($1.32)

<FN>

         *  Reclassified to conform to current year presentation.

         (a)  Book value per share for all periods has been restated for the effect of the Company's
               one for ten reverse stock split. Book value per share at June 30, 1993, includes 6,981,706 shares of
               Convertible Preferred Stock which was converted, pursuant to the Company's comprehensive
               refinancing on July 21, 1993, into the Company's common stock at a ratio of one to one.
</TABLE>


                                                                    F-46

 

<PAGE>

                                   Schedule V
                        Concurrent Computer Corporation

                       Property, Plant and Equipment
               For the Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                           (Dollars in thousands)

Column A       Column B     Column C     Column D   Column E       Column F
- - --------       --------     --------     --------   --------       --------
                                                    Other
               Balance at                           Changes-       Balance
               Beginning    Additions    Retire-     Add           at End
Description    of Year       at Cost      ments     (Deduct)(a)    of Year(b)
- - ----------    ----------   ---------    --------   -----------    ----------
1994
- - ----
Land            $  5,244    $    -       $   -       $     31      $  5,275
Buildings         16,569          50        (181)          92        16,530
Machinery and
  Equipment       41,638       7,534      (2,167)         576        47,581
                --------    --------     --------    ---------     --------
                $ 63,451    $  7,584     $(2,348)    $    699     $  69,386
                ========    ========     ========    =========     ========
1993 (c)
- - ----
Land            $  5,311    $    -       $   -       $    (67)     $  5,244
Buildings         15,645       1,247        (176)        (147)       16,569
Machinery and
  Equipment       33,660       9,322        (307)      (1,037)       41,638
                --------    --------     --------    ---------     --------
                $ 54,616    $ 10,569     $  (483)    $ (1,251)     $ 63,451
                ========    ========     ========    =========     ========
1992 (c)
- - ----
Land            $  5,210    $    -       $   -       $    101      $  5,311
Buildings         19,247       1,014         (45)      (4,571)       15,645
Machinery and
  Equipment      113,626       8,966      (1,916)     (87,016)       33,660
                --------    --------     --------    ---------     --------
                $138,083    $  9,980     $(1,961)    $(91,486)     $ 54,616
                ========    ========     ========    =========     ========


(a) Includes translation effect of $847, $(422), and $2,598 for the
years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  For the year
ended June 30, 1992, includes the adjustment of $(93,407) of
aggregate accumulated depreciation which was eliminated at December
31, 1991 against gross property, plant, and equipment, to reflect
estimated fair value pursuant to the Company's quasi-reorganization.

(b) Property, Plant and Equipment is depreciated on a straight-line
basis over the estimated useful lives of assets ranging from three to
forty years.  Leasehold Improvements are amortized over the shorter
of the useful life of the improvement or the term of the related
lease.

(c) Reclassified to conform to current year presentation.

                                 S-1
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule VI
                        Concurrent Computer Corporation

                    Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization
                        of Property, Plant and Equipment
                For the Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                              (Dollars in thousands)

Column A     Column B    Column C   Column D   Column E    Column F
- - --------     --------    --------   --------   --------    --------
                         Additions             Other
             Balance at  Charged to            Changes-    Balance
             Beginning   Costs and  Retire-     Add        at End
Description  of Year     Expenses    ments    (Deduct)(a)  of Year
- - -----------  ----------  ---------  --------  -----------  --------
1994
- - ----
Buildings      $ 2,125    $ 1,311   $  (154)    $    32    $ 3,314
Machinery and
  Equipment     15,003     10,374    (1,797)       (250)    23,330
               -------    -------   --------    -------    -------
               $17,128    $11,685   $(1,951)    $  (218)   $26,644
               =======    =======   ========    =======    =======
1993 (b)
- - ----
Buildings      $   702    $ 1,454   $   (31)   $   -       $ 2,125
Machinery and
  Equipment      4,551     11,214       (53)      (709)     15,003
               -------    -------   --------   --------    -------
               $ 5,253    $12,668   $   (84)   $  (709)    $17,128
               =======    =======   ========   ========    =======
1992 (b)
- - ----
Buildings      $ 4,195    $ 1,551   $   (29)   $ (5,015)   $   702
Machinery and
  Equipment     78,721     14,140    (1,078)    (87,232)     4,551
               -------    -------   --------   --------    -------
               $82,916    $15,691   $(1,107)   $(92,247)   $ 5,253
               =======    =======   ========   ========    =======

(a) Includes translation effect of $357 and $1,444 for the years ended
June 30, 1994 and 1992, respectively.  The translation effect for the
year ended June 30, 1993 was not material.  For the year ended June
30, 1992, includes the adjustment of $(93,407) of aggregate
accumulated depreciation which was eliminated as of December 31,
1991, against gross property, plant and equipment, to reflect
estimated fair value pursuant to the Company's quasi-reorganization.

(b) Reclassified to conform to current year presentation.

                                 S-2
<PAGE>
                                   Schedule VIII
                        Concurrent Computer Corporation

                       Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
               For the Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                              (Dollars in thousands)

                        Balance at  Charged to                        Balance
                        Beginning   Costs and                 Other   at End
Description             of Year     Expenses    Deductions     (a)    of Year
- - -----------             ----------  ----------  ----------  --------  -------
Reserves and allowances
 deducted from asset
 accounts:

1994
- - ----
Reserve for inventory
 obsolescence and
 shrinkage                $ 3,167   $ 4,461    $(1,753)(b) $    263  $ 6,138

Allowance for
 doubtful accounts          2,173     2,114       (882)(c)      -      3,405

1993
- - ----
Reserve for inventory
 obsolescence and
 shrinkage                $ 1,662   $ 1,840    $  (335)(b) $    -    $ 3,167

Allowance for
 doubtful accounts          2,121        52        -            -      2,173

1992
- - ----
Reserve for inventory
 obsolescence and
 shrinkage                $15,222   $ 2,387    $(3,469)(b) $(12,478) $ 1,662

Allowance for
 doubtful accounts          4,972       738       (518)(c)   (3,071)   2,121

(a) For the year ended June 30, 1992, includes the adjustments of
$(12,812) of inventory reserves and $(3,257) of allowance for doubtful
accounts, which were eliminated as of December 31, 1991, to reflect
estimated fair value of the related asset pursuant to the Company's
quasi-reorganization. In addition, includes adjustments to the reserve
account for foreign currency translation.

(b) Charges and adjustments to the reserve account primarily for inventory
write offs.

(c) Charges to the reserve account for uncollectible amounts written off
during the year.

                                 S-3
<PAGE>
                                   Schedule IX
                        Concurrent Computer Corporation

                             Short-term Borrowings
              For the Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                  (Dollars in thousands except percentages)

Column A     Column B   Column C  Column D     Column E     Column F
- - --------     --------   --------  --------     --------     --------

                        Weighted  Maximum                   Weighted
Category                Average   Month-end    Average      Average
of Aggregate            Interest  Amount       Amount       Interest
Short-term    Balance   Rate at   Outstanding  Outstanding  Rate
Borrowings    at End     End of   During the   During the   During the
   (a)       of Period   Period   Period       Period (b)   Period (c)
- - -----------  ---------  --------  -----------  -----------  ----------

1994
- - ----
Bank
  Borrowings   $ 5,749    3.41%     $ 5,749      $ 4,202      3.81%

1993
- - ----
Bank
  Borrowings   $ 2,783    5.93%     $ 3,904      $ 2,548      5.18%

1992
- - ----
Bank
  Borrowings   $ 2,064    6.44%     $ 8,946      $ 4,135      8.08%


(a) Bank Borrowings are generally non-collateralized debt obligations
including those due on demand, as well as those with fixed terms.  With
respect to some Bank Borrowings, interest rates are fixed; in other
cases, interest floats in accordance with a prescribed index.

(b) The average amount outstanding during the period was determined on
the basis of average month-end balances of short-term borrowings.

(c) The weighted average interest rate during the period was computed by
dividing the interest expense on short-term borrowings by the average
month-end balances.

                                 S-4
<PAGE>

                                   Schedule X
                        Concurrent Computer Corporation

                  Supplementary Income Statement Information
               For the Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                              (Dollars in thousands)


The following items have been charged to costs and expenses as
stated:


                                         1994     1993     1992
                                        ------   ------   ------

Maintenance and repairs                 $2,110   $2,342   $1,708

Advertising                             $1,862   $1,661   $1,447


The following items have been charged to costs and expenses but do
not exceed one percent of net sales by category:


- - --  Taxes, other than payroll and income taxes

- - --  Royalties











                                 S-5



<PAGE>

                               EXHIBIT INDEX

10.7(c)   Amendment No. 2 dated November 10, 1993 to Second
          Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.

10.7(d)   Amendment No. 3 dated November 18, 1993 to Second
          Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.

10.7(e)   Amendment No. 4 dated February 18, 1994 to Second
          Amended and Restated Credit Agreement.

10.7(f)   Amendment No. 5 dated August 19, 1994 to Second Amended
          and Restated Credit Agreement.

11.0      Statement re computation of per share earnings.

22.0      Subsidiaries of Registrant.

24.1      Consent of Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7(C)
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

                                                            Exhibit 10.7(c)

                              AMENDMENT NO. 2
                                    TO
               SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

     THIS AMENDMENT NO. 2, dated as of  November 10, 1993, is
between Concurrent Computer Corporation (the "Company"), Fleet
Bank of Massachusetts, N.A. ("Fleet") and CIBC Inc. (the
"Lenders").

     WHEREAS, the parties have decided to amend the Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 21, 1993,
as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement dated as of September 28, 1993 (the "Credit
Agreement") between the Company, the Lenders and Fleet, as Agent
for the Lenders by, among other things, providing for the
issuance by Fleet to the Company of three standby letters of
credit;

     NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and, pursuant to Section 12.04
of the Credit Agreement, the Lenders hereby agree as follows:

     1.   Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.

     2.   The Credit Agreement is amended by adding the following
Section 3A at the end of Section 3:
"Section 3A.  Standby L/C's.

               (i)  Issuance Procedures.  The Company may
          request, and Fleet will issue three standby
          letters of credit in favor of The Industrial
          Bank of Japan Limited, The Sumitomo Bank and
          The Mitsubishi Bank Limited in the respective
          amounts of $1,800,000, $800,000 and $400,000
          with respective expiration dates of June 30,
          1995 (the "Standby L/C's") provided that on or
          before November 15, 1993, the Company shall
          deliver to Fleet standby letter of credit
          applications and agreements (which, together
          with all schedules and exhibits thereto, shall
          be in form and substance satisfactory to Fleet
          and its counsel) and such other certificates,
          documents and other papers and information as
          Fleet may reasonably request.  Provided the
          Company delivers to Fleet the above-described
          documents on or before the foregoing date and
          no Event of Default exists, Fleet shall issue
          the Standby L/C's on or before November 19,
          1993.
<PAGE>

               (ii) Drawing and Reimbursement.   The
          payment by Fleet of a draft drawn under any
          Standby L/C shall constitute an "L/C Advance." 
          Upon written demand by Fleet to CIBC, CIBC
          shall purchase from Fleet, and Fleet shall sell
          and assign to CIBC, a percentage of such L/C
          Advance equal to the product of the Advance and
          CIBC's pro rata interest in the outstanding
          principal due under the Term Loans, by paying
          Fleet an amount equal to such product.  The
          Company hereby agrees to any such sale and
          assignment.  CIBC agrees to purchase its pro
          rata share of any L/C Advance on (a) the
          Banking Day on which demand therefor is made by
          Fleet, provided that notice of such demand is
          given not later than 1:00 p.m. (Boston time) on
          such Banking Day or (b) the first Banking Day
          next succeeding such demand if notice of the
          demand is given after such time and in each
          case such obligation shall be absolute and
          unconditional, notwithstanding the occurrence
          or continuation of an Event of Default.  In the
          event CIBC shall not have so purchased its pro
          rata share of an L/C Advance in a timely
          fashion, CIBC agrees to pay Fleet interest at
          the Federal Funds Rate on its pro rata share
          thereof for each day from the date of demand by
          Fleet until the date such amount is paid to
          Fleet.

               (iii)     Fees.  In connection with the
          issuance of the Standby L/C's, the Company
          shall pay to (a) Fleet its transactional fees
          at Fleet's customary rate (not to exceed $150
          per Standby L/C), and (b) the Agent (for the
          account of Fleet and CIBC in accordance with
          their respective pro rata interests in the Term
          Loans), three percent per annum on the face
          amount of the Standby L/C's, payable quarterly
          in arrears.

                                2
<PAGE>

               (iv) Repayment.   On the date of an L/C
          Advance, the Company shall repay Fleet (for its
          account and for the account of CIBC to the
          extent CIBC has purchased a pro rata share of
          such Advance) the outstanding amount of such
          Advance.  In the event the Company fails to so
          pay Fleet on such date, until repayment of the
          subject L/C Advance, the Company shall pay to
          Fleet (for its account and for the account of
          CIBC to the extent CIBC has purchased a pro
          rata share of such Advance) interest on such
          amount at the Post-Default Rate.

               (v)  Obligations Absolute, etc.  The
          obligations of the Company under this
          Agreement, any standby letter of credit
          agreement and any other agreement or instrument
          relating to any Standby L/C (a) shall be
          unconditional and irrevocable, (b)  constitute
          "Secured Obligations" (as defined in the
          Amended Security Agreement and the Pledge
          Agreements), and (c) are secured by the
          Mortgage."

     3.   Section 4.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended by
adding the following to the end of such Section:

          "Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the
          period November 30, 1993 through February 28,
          1994, the Company may elect to defer a total
          of four monthly principal installments,
          provided on the last Banking Day of any such
          month for which the Company elects to so
          defer a monthly installment, the Company
          certifies in writing to Fleet and CIBC that
          as of the third Friday of such month, the
          aggregate of the Company's cash and cash
          equivalents is less than $11,687,500.  The
          Company covenants that on April 1, 1994, the
          aggregate of the principal balance of the
          Term Loans and the face amount of the
          outstanding Standby L/C's shall not exceed
          $25,312,500."

                                3

<PAGE>

     4.   Section 4.04(d) of the Credit Agreement is amended by
adding the following sentence at the end of such subsection:

          "The Company shall pay to Fleet and CIBC such
          amount or amounts as shall be sufficient (in
          the reasonable opinion of the Lenders) to
          compensate the Lenders for any loss, cost or
          expense in connection with the payment or
          prepayment of the Term Loans on a date prior
          to the end of any Interest Period if the Term
          Loans on the date of such payment or
          prepayment are subject to a Eurodollar Rate."

     5.   Section 4.03 of the Credit Agreement is amended by
adding subsection (g) to such Section:

          "(g) November 1993 Prepayment, etc.  Within seven
               Banking Days of the issuance of the Standby
               L/C's, CNC shall pay to the Company
               $3,000,000 of the intercompany obligations
               due to the Company from CNC, and the Company
               shall prepay the Term Loans by $3,000,000.

     6.   Other than with respect to Sections 8.04, 8.05, 8.12,
9.27, 9.28, 9.29 and 9.33 of the Credit Agreement, the Company
represents and warrants that (a) the representations and
warranties set forth in the Credit Agreement are true and
accurate as of the date hereof, and (b) no Specified Event
exists.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company represents
and warrants that except with regard to liens on account of
alleged outstanding New Jersey franchise taxes, the
representations and warranties contained in Section 8.05 of the
Credit Agreement are true and accurate as of the date hereof.

     7.   On or before December 31, 1993, the Company shall pay
in full (and provide the Agent with satisfactory evidence of such
payment) all outstanding New Jersey franchise taxes and related
interest and penalties determined to be outstanding, due and
payable. 

                                4
<PAGE>

     8.   This Amendment No. 2 only shall be effective upon the
Agent's receipt of (a) an originally executed officer's
certificate from the Secretary of the Company in a form
acceptable to the Agent certifying, among other things,
incumbency and the resolutions adopted by the Board of Directors
of the Company authorizing the execution, delivery and
performance of this Amendment No. 2, and (b) an original
certificate from the Delaware Secretary of State dated on or
after November 1, 1993 certifying the Company's good standing and
legal existence.

     9.   Except as otherwise expressly provided above, all terms
and conditions of the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect.  This Amendment No. 2 may be executed in any number
of counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one
and the same instrument and any of the other parties hereto may
execute this Amendment No. 2 by signing any such counterpart. 
This Amendment No. 2 shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment
No. 2 to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

                              CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION

By:_____________________________________

                              FLEET BANK OF MASSACHUSETTS, N.A.

By:_____________________________________

                              CIBC Inc.
By:______________________________________


                                5

<PAGE>



                          SECTION 7.01(b)  Certificate
                          ----------------------------

     I, James P. McCloskey, Vice President of Concurrent Computer

Corporation, pursuant to Section 7.01(b) of the Second Amended

and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 21, 1993 ("Credit

Agreement") between the Company and the Lenders and Agent named

therein, hereby certify that (i) no Default has occurred and is

continuing, and (ii) to my knowledge after reasonable inquiry,

the Company has operated through June 30, 1993 substantially in

accordance with the most recent projections delivered by the

Company to the Lenders.  Unless otherwise defined herein,

capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to

them in the Credit Agreement.





                                         --------------------------------
                                         James P. McCloskey
                                         Vice President


Dated:  As of July 21, 1993
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7(D)
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                                                            Exhibit 10.7(d)

                              AMENDMENT NO. 3
                                    TO
               SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT


     THIS AMENDMENT NO. 3, dated as of  November 18, 1993, is
between Concurrent Computer Corporation (the "Company"), Fleet
Bank of Massachusetts, N.A. ("Fleet") and CIBC Inc. (the
"Lenders").

     WHEREAS, the parties have decided to amend the Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 21, 1993,
as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement dated as of September 28, 1993 and Amendment No.
2 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of
November 10, 1993 (the "Credit Agreement") between the Company,
the Lenders and Fleet, as Agent for the Lenders by, among other
things, changing certain financial covenants; 

     NOW, THEREFORE, the Company and, pursuant to Section 12.04
of the Credit Agreement, the Lenders hereby agree as follows:

     1.   Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.

     2.    Section 9.27 of the Credit Agreement is amended by (a)
replacing "45,500,000" with "30,000,000", and (b) inserting
"(without any deduction for losses)" after "Net Income".

     3.   Section 9.28 of the Credit Agreement is deleted and
replaced with the following language:        

     "9.28  Senior Debt to EBITDA.  As at the end of
     each fiscal quarter commencing with the fiscal
     quarter ending March 31, 1994, the Company will
     not permit the ratio of (a) Senior Debt to (b)
     EBITDA for the immediately preceding four fiscal
     quarters minus Capital Expenditures (including
     capitalized software) for such four quarter
     period, to be greater than the ratio set forth
     opposite such fiscal quarter:


<PAGE>

Fiscal Quarter Ending         Senior Debt to EBITDA

     March 31, 1994                     2.30 to 1
     June 30, 1994                      2.25 to 1
     September 30, 1994                 2.00 to 1
     December 31, 1994                  1.75 to 1
     March 31, 1995                     1.60 to 1
     June 30, 1995, and each fiscal     1.40 to 1
     quarter ending thereafter

     Notwithstanding the foregoing, for the fiscal
     quarters ending March 31, 1994 and June 30, 1994,
     (b) above shall be calculated by multiplying
     EBITDA minus Capital Expenditures (including
     capitalized software) for each such fiscal
     quarter by 4."

     4.   Section 9.29 of the Credit Agreement is deleted and
replaced with the following language:

     "9.29.  Debt Service Coverage Ratio.  The Company
     will not, as at the end of any fiscal quarter,
     permit the ratio of (a) EBITDA to (b) the sum of
     (i) Interest Expense for such period, plus (ii) all
     scheduled principal payments due on money borrowed
     from any source for such quarter, plus (iii) all
     lease payments in respect of Capital Lease
     Obligations during such quarter, to be less than
     2.25 to 1.0, provided that for the fiscal quarter
     ending December 31, 1993, such ratio shall not be
     less than .40 to 1.00.  Notwithstanding the
     foregoing, any scheduled monthly principal
     installment deferred pursuant to Section 4.01
     hereof shall not constitute a "scheduled principal
     payment" for any fiscal quarter other than the
     fiscal quarter during which such installment
     originally was due."

     5.   Section 9.30 of the Credit Agreement is deleted and
replaced with the following language:

     "9.30  Net Income, etc.  The Company will not
     permit (a) commencing with the fiscal quarter
     beginning October 1, 1993, Net Income to be less
     than $0 for any two fiscal quarters in any period
     of four consecutive fiscal quarters, and (b) Net
     Income (i) (calculated without considering any
     accounting changes or restructuring charges) for
     the fiscal year of the Company ending June 30,
     1994 to be less than $2,500,000 and (ii) for the
     fiscal quarter ending December 31, 1993 to be less
     than a negative $2,700,000."

                                2
<PAGE>

     6.   Section 9.31 of the Credit Agreement is deleted and
replaced with the following language:

     "9.31.  Domestic Liquid Assets.  The Company will
     not permit Domestic Liquid Assets at the end of any
     fiscal month to be less than $28,500,000.  For
     purposes hereof, "Domestic Liquid Assets" shall
     mean the sum of (a) domestic cash and cash
     equivalent, (b) Eligible Accounts Receivable, and
     (c) domestic inventory.  Within 15 Banking Days of
     the end of each fiscal month, the Company shall
     deliver to each of the Lenders and the Agent a
     Domestic Liquid Assets Compliance Certificate in
     the form of Exhibit A attached hereto."

     7.   Section 9.32 of the Credit Agreement is
amended by replacing the columns styled "Fiscal Quarter
Ending" and "Quick Ratio" with the following language:

          "Fiscal Quarter Ending        Quick Ratio

           June 30, 1993             .70 to 1
           September 30, 1993        .70 to 1
           December 31, 1993         .60 to 1
           March 31, 1994            .60 to 1
           June 30, 1994             .55 to 1
           September 30, 1994        .75 to 1
           December 31, 1994         .80 to 1
           March 31, 1995            .85 to 1
           June 30, 1995, and each   1.0 to 1"
           fiscal quarter ending thereafter

     8.   Section 9.33 of the Credit Agreement is
amended by replacing the columns styled "Fiscal Quarter
Ending" and "Maximum Leverage Ratio" with the following
language:

"Fiscal Quarter Ending        Maximum Leverage Ratio

     June 30, 1993                   2.15 to 1
     September 30, 1993              3.10 to 1
     December 31, 1993               3.15 to 1
     March 31, 1994                  3.00 to 1
     June 30, 1994                   2.50 to 1
     September 30, 1994              1.60 to 1
     December 31, 1994               1.50 to 1
     March 31, 1995                  1.25 to 1
     June 30, 1995, and each         1.00 to 1"
     fiscal quarter thereafter
     ending thereafter

                                3
<PAGE>

     9.   Annex 1 to Exhibit B of the Credit Agreement
is amended by replacing the second page thereof with
Exhibit B attached hereto.

     10.  Schedule II to Exhibit C of the Credit
Agreement is amended by replacing such Schedule (but not
Annex I thereto) with Exhibit C attached hereto.

     11.  Section 9.01(j) of the Credit Agreement is deleted
and replaced with the following language:

          "(j) within five Banking Days after the
               Company knows or has reason to believe
               that a Default or Specified Event has
               occurred, a notice of such Default or
               Specified Event describing the same in
               reasonable detail and, together with such
               notice or as soon thereafter as possible,
               a description of the action that the
               Company has taken and proposes to take
               with respect thereto;"

     12.  With respect to the fiscal quarter ending September 30,
1993, the Lenders hereby waive the Company's obligations under
Sections 9.27, 9.28, 9.29 and 9.33 of the Credit Agreement.

     13.  Except as otherwise expressly provided above, (a) all
terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and (b)
the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment No. 3
shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of
any Lender or the Agent under any of the Basic Documents, nor
constitute a waiver of any provision under any of such Documents. 

                                4
<PAGE>

     14.  This Amendment No. 3 only shall be effective upon the
Company's payment to Fleet and CIBC Inc. in immediately available
funds of a restructuring fee in the amount of  $37,648.81 and
$68,452.38, respectively.

     15   This Amendment No. 3 may be executed in any number of
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one
and the same instrument and any of the other parties hereto may
execute this Amendment No. 3 by signing any such counterpart. 
This Amendment No. 3 shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment
No. 3 to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

                              CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION

By:_____________________________________

                              FLEET BANK OF MASSACHUSETTS, N.A.

By:_____________________________________

                              CIBC Inc.

By:______________________________________


                                5

<PAGE>

                                 Exhibit A

               DOMESTIC LIQUID ASSETS COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

               Monthly fiscal period ending ___________, 199_

     Reference is made to be Second Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement dated as of July 21, 1993 (as modified and supplemental
and in effect from time to time, the "Credit Agreement") between
the Lenders, Agent and Concurrent Computer Corporation
("Company"). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used as
defined herein.

     The officer executing this certificate* on behalf of the
Company hereby certifies that, to be best of [his/her] knowledge,
the Company is in compliance with Section 9.31 of the Credit
Agreement as at the end of the monthly fiscal period ending
________, 199_ as set forth in the attached Annex 1 and as
determined in accordance with the requirements of the Credit
Agreement.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this
certificate to be duly executed as of the ______ day of
______________, 199_.

                      CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION


By:________________________________

                                   Title:

*    Must be signed by the president, chief executive officer,
     chief financial officer or controller of the Company

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7(E)
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 4 TO RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                                                            Exhibit 10.7(e)

                              AMENDMENT NO. 4
                                    TO
               SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT

     THIS AMENDMENT NO. 4, dated as of  February 18, 1994, is
between Concurrent Computer Corporation (the "Company"), Fleet
Bank of Massachusetts, N.A. ("Fleet") and CIBC Inc. (the
"Lenders").

     WHEREAS, the Company has requested the Lenders to agree to
amend the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as
of July 21, 1993, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 28, 1993,
Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
dated as of November 10, 1993 and Amendment No. 3 to Second
Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 18,
1993 (the "Credit Agreement") between the Company, the Lenders
and Fleet, as Agent for the Lenders by, among other things,
changing certain financial covenants; 

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for
other good and valuable consideration, the Company and, pursuant
to Section 12.04 of the Credit Agreement, the Lenders hereby
agree as follows:

     1.   Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.

     2.   Section 4.01 of the Credit Agreement is amended by
replacing the last sentence thereof with the following language:

     "The Company agrees that to the extent the
     aggregate of the principal balance of the Term
     Loans and the face amount of the outstanding
     Standby L/C's exceeds $25,312,500 on April 1, 1994,
     it shall pay directly to the Lenders one-half of
     such excess on or before September 30, 1994 and the
     balance thereof on or before December 31, 1994."


<PAGE>

     3.    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in
the Credit Agreement, in calculating the Tangible Capital Base
Covenant contained in Section 9.27 of the Credit Agreement, the
Company shall give effect to Financial Accounting Standards 106
and 109.

     4.   Section 9.28 of the Credit Agreement is amended by
replacing "2.30 to 1" and "2.25 to 1" for the fiscal quarters
ending March 31, 1994 and June 30, 1994, respectively, with
"4.05 to 1" and "1.70 to 1".  

     5.   Section 9.29 of the Credit Agreement is deleted and
replaced with the following language:

     "9.29.  Debt Service Coverage Ratio.  The Company
     will not, as at the end of any fiscal quarter,
     permit the ratio of (a) EBITDA to (b) the sum of
     (i) Interest Expense for such period, plus (ii) all
     scheduled principal payments due on money borrowed
     from any source for such quarter, plus (iii) all
     lease payments in respect of Capital Lease
     Obligations during such quarter, to be less than
     2.25 to 1.0.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a)
     any scheduled monthly principal installment
     deferred pursuant to Section 4.01 hereof shall not
     constitute a "scheduled principal payment" for any
     fiscal quarter other than the fiscal quarter during
     which such installment originally was due, and (b)
     for the fiscal quarters ending March 31, 1994 and
     June 30, 1994, the above ratio shall not be less
     than 1.40 to 1 and 2.20 to 1, respectively."

     6.   Section 9.30 of the Credit Agreement is amended by
replacing "2,500,000" with "$100,000".

     7.   Section 9.31 of the Credit Agreement is deleted and
replaced with the following language:

                                2
<PAGE>

     "9.31.  Domestic Liquid Assets.  The Company will
     not permit Domestic Liquid Assets at the end of
     each fiscal month to be less than the amount set
     forth below opposite each such month.  For purposes
     hereof, "Domestic Liquid Assets" shall mean the sum
     of (a) domestic cash and cash equivalent, (b)
     Eligible Accounts Receivable, and (c) domestic
     inventory.  

          Fiscal Month Ending Domestic Liquid Assets

          January 31, 1994              $27,500,000
          February 28, 1994             $27,500,000
          March 31, 1994           $28,500,000
          April 30, 1994           $26,500,000
          May 31, 1994             $25,500,000
          June 30, 1994 and each        $28,500,000"
          fiscal month thereafter

     8.   Within 15 Banking Days of the end of each fiscal
month, the Company shall deliver to each of the Lenders and the
Agent, a Domestic Liquid Assets Compliance Certificate in the
form of Exhibit A attached hereto.

     9.   Section 9.32 of the Credit Agreement is amended by
replacing ".60 to 1" for the fiscal quarter ending March 31,
1994 with .55 to 1".  For purposes of calculating the Quick
Ratio Covenant contained in Section 9.32 of the Credit
Agreement, the obligations of the Company to (a) pay directly to
the Lenders the excess of the aggregate of the principal balance
of the Term Loans and the face amount of the outstanding Standby
L/C's over $25,312,500 in accordance with Section 4.01 of the
Credit Agreement, and (b) make a final balloon payment on the
Maturity Date also in accordance with such Section 4.01, shall
not be classified as "current liabilities" under subsection (b)
of Section 9.32.

                                3
<PAGE>

    10.   Section 9.33 of the Credit Agreement is amended by
replacing "3.00 to 1" and "2.50 to 1" for the fiscal quarters
ending March 31, 1994 and June 30, 1994, respectively, with
"2.50 to 1" and "2.30 to 1".  Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained in the Credit Agreement, in calculating the
Maximum Leverage Ratio contained in Section 9.33 of the Credit
Agreement, the Company shall not give effect to Financial
Accounting Standards 106 and 109.

       11.     With respect to the fiscal quarter ending December 31,
1993, the Lenders hereby waive the Company's obligations under
Sections 9.29, 9.30 and 9.32 of the Credit Agreement.

       12.     Schedule II to Exhibit C of the Credit Agreement is
amended by replacing (a) "2,500,000" in paragraph 6 thereof
(Section 9.30 Net Income) with "$100,000", and (b) "28,500,000"
in paragraph 7 thereof (Section 9.31 Domestic Liquid Assets) with
"$____________".

       13.     In consideration for entering into this Amendment No.
4, the Company shall issue to each of the Lenders a warrant
evidencing the right of each Lender to purchase 300,000 shares of
the Company's common stock.

       14.     Except as otherwise expressly provided above, (a) all
terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement shall remain in full
force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and (b)
the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment No. 4
shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of
any Lender or the Agent under any of the Basic Documents, nor
constitute a waiver of any provision under any of such Documents. 

       15.     Other than with respect to Sections 8.04, 9.29, 9.30
and 9.32 of the Credit Agreement, the Company represents and
warrants that (a) the representations and warranties set forth in
the Credit Agreement are true and accurate as of the date hereof,
and (b) no Specified Event exists.

                                4
<PAGE>

       16.     This Amendment No. 4 only shall be effective upon (a)
the issuance by the Company to each of the Lenders of a duly
executed warrant to purchase 300,000 shares of the Company's
common stock, the forms of which are attached hereto as Exhibit B
and Exhibit C, respectively, (b) an opinion from the General
Counsel of the Company in form and substance satisfactory to the
Agent and Lenders, and (c) an original certificate from the
Delaware Secretary of State dated on or after February 14, 1994
certifying the Company's good standing and legal existence.

       17.     This Amendment No. 4 may be executed in any number of
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one
and the same instrument and any of the other parties hereto may
execute this Amendment No. 4 by signing any such counterpart. 
This Amendment No. 4 shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment
No. 4 to be duly executed as of the date first above written.

                              CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION

By:_____________________________________


                              FLEET BANK OF MASSACHUSETTS, N.A.

By:_____________________________________


                              CIBC INC.

By:______________________________________


                                5

<PAGE>

                                 Exhibit A

               DOMESTIC LIQUID ASSETS COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE
               Monthly fiscal period ending ___________, 199_

     Reference is made to be Second Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement dated as of July 21, 1993 (as modified and supplemental
and in effect from time to time, the "Credit Agreement") between
the Lenders, Agent and Concurrent Computer Corporation
("Company"). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used as
defined herein.

     The officer executing this certificate* on behalf of the
Company hereby certifies that, to be best of [his/her] knowledge,
the Company is in compliance with Section 9.31 of the Credit
Agreement as at the end of the monthly fiscal period ending
________, 199_ as set forth in the attached Annex 1 and as
determined in accordance with the requirements of the Credit
Agreement.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this
certificate to be duly executed as of the ______ day of
______________, 199_.

                           CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION


                         By:________________________________
                                  Title:


*    Must be signed by the president, chief executive officer,
     chief financial officer or controller of the Company


<PAGE>

THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK TRANSFERRED UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT"), OR ANY STATE
SECURITIES LAW AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, MORTGAGED, PLEDGED,
HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (i) PURSUANT TO AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (ii) UPON FIRST FURNISHING TO THE
COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH
TRANSFER IS NOT IN VIOLATION OF THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW.  THIS WARRANT IS
ALSO SUBJECT TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH HEREIN.


                                  WARRANT

     THIS WARRANT dated as of February 18, 1994, between
CONCURRENT COMPUTER, a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and
FLEET BANK OF MASSACHUSETTS, N.A. ("Fleet").  Capitalized terms
used herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the
Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement between Fleet, CIBC
Inc., the Company and Fleet, as agent, dated July 21, 1993, as
amended ("Credit Agreement").


                           W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, pursuant to Amendment No. 4 to Second Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 18, 1994, the
Company has agreed to issue to Fleet this warrant (the "Warrant")
of the Company, which entitles Fleet to purchase, upon the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth, shares of the Company's
Common Stock, $.01 par value per share (the "Common Stock");

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
mutual agreements herein set forth and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:


                                 ARTICLE I

                             GRANT OF WARRANT

     This Warrant entitles Fleet to purchase, at a price per
share equal to the Exercise Price per share (as defined in
Section 2.1 hereof), Three Hundred Thousand (300,000) shares of
Common Stock, subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 3.4
hereof.

<PAGE>

                                ARTICLE II

                    EXERCISE OF WARRANT; EXERCISE PRICE

     Section 2.1    Exercise Price.  This Warrant shall entitle
Fleet, subject to the provisions of this Article II, to purchase
from the Company the number of shares of Common Stock provided
for in Article I, at a purchase price per share equal to $1.50
(the closing price per share on February 18, 1994), which shall
be payable by wire transfer to a designated account of the
Company or cashier's check in the manner set forth in Section
2.3.

     Section 2.2    Right to Exercise the Warrant.  This Warrant
may be exercised in full at any time during the period from the
date hereof through September 30, 1994 (the "Termination Date"),
subject to extension pursuant to Section 2.5 below.

     Section 2.3    Procedure for Exercising the Warrant.  Fleet
may exercise this Warrant by executing the Form of Election
attached hereto as Exhibit A and delivering it to the Company on
any business day during normal business hours and tendering the
aggregate Exercise Price of which at least the dollar amount
representing the par value of the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such election shall be payable upon such
election with the balance of the aggregate Exercise Price, if
any, payable within five business days of such election (the date
of receipt of such Form of Election and the minimum amount of the
aggregate Exercise Price by the Company is hereinafter referred
to as the "Exercise Date").

     Section 2.4    Issuance of Shares.  Within five (5) business
days following the Exercise Date, the Company shall (provided
that it has received the Form of Election duly executed,
accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price pursuant to
Section 2.1 hereof for each of the shares of Common Stock to be
purchased) execute and deliver to Fleet a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock for which
this Warrant is being exercised.

     Section 2.5    Extension of Termination Date.  The
Termination Date may be extended as set forth below.

          (a)  November 15, 1994.  In the event that the Lenders
notify the Company in writing on or before September 26, 1994
that the payments (the "Payments") due to the Lenders on or
before September 30, 1994 and December 31, 1994 pursuant to
Section 4.01 of the Credit Agreement may be deferred by the
Company to on or before November 15, 1994 and February 15, 1995,
respectively, the Termination Date shall be extended through
November 15, 1994.

                                2
<PAGE>

          (b)  June 30, 1995.  In the event that the Termination
Date is extended to November 15, 1994 pursuant to paragraph (a)
above and the Lenders notify the Company in writing on or before
November 10, 1994 that the Payments may be deferred by the
Company to on or before June 30, 1995, the Termination Date shall
be extended through June 30, 1995.

          (c)  Maturity Date of Restructured Term Loans.  In the
event that the Warrant has not expired and the Term Loans are
restructured by written agreement by and between the Company and
the Lenders on or before December 15, 1994, the Termination Date
shall be extended through the maturity date of the restructured
Term Loan.

          (d)  Suspension Notice Extension.  Notwithstanding and
in addition to any other extension of the Termination Date
pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above, upon the Company's
giving a Suspension Notice to Fleet, the Termination Date
automatically shall be extended by the number of days equal to
the Extension Days, as defined in Section 4.4 hereof.


                                ARTICLE III

           RESERVATION AND AVAILABILITY OF SHARES; ANTI-DILUTION

     Section 3.1    Reservation of Shares.  The Company covenants
and agrees that it will reserve and keep available out of its
authorized and unissued Common Stock, or its authorized and
issued Common Stock held in its treasury, the number of shares of
Common Stock that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in
full of this Warrant.

     Section 3.2    Shares to be Duly Authorized and Issued.  The
Company covenants and agrees that it will take all such action as
may be necessary to ensure that all shares of Common Stock
delivered upon exercise of this Warrant shall, at the time of
delivery of the certificates for such shares, be duly and validly
authorized and issued.

     Section 3.3    Stock Record Date.  Each person or entity in
whose name any certificate for shares of Common Stock is issued
upon the exercise of this Warrant shall for all purposes be
deemed to have become the holder of record of the shares of
Common Stock represented thereby on, and such certificate shall
be dated, the date upon which the Form of Election was duly
executed and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price therefor was
made.  Prior to the exercise of this Warrant, Fleet shall not be
entitled to any rights of a stockholder of the Company with
respect to the shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant
shall be exercisable, including, without limitation, the right to
vote or to receive dividends or other distributions and shall not
be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the
Company, except as provided herein.

                                3
<PAGE>

     Section 3.4    Anti-Dilution Adjustment and Reorganizations.

          (a)  Common Stock Dividend, Subdivisions and
Contributions.  In the event of any change in the shares of
Common Stock by reason of stock dividend, split up, merger,
recapitalization, subdivision, conversion, combination, exchange
of shares or similar transactions, the type and number of Common
Stock issuable under the Warrant and the Exercise Price therefor
shall be adjusted appropriately, and proper provision shall be
made in the agreements governing such transaction, so that Fleet
shall receive upon exercise of the Warrant the number and class
of shares or other securities or property that Fleet would have
held immediately after such event if the Warrant had been
exercised immediately prior to such event, or the record date
therefor, as applicable.

          (b)  Reorganizations.  In case of any consolidation or
merger of the Company with or into another corporation (other
than a merger or consolidation in which the Company is the
continuing corporation and which does not result in any
reclassification of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the
conversion of such outstanding shares of Common Stock into shares
of other stock or other securities or property), or the sale of
the property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an
entirety (collectively such actions being hereinafter referred to
as "Reorganizations"), there shall thereafter be deliverable upon
exercise of this Warrant (in lieu of the number of shares of
Common Stock theretofore deliverable) the number of shares of
stock or other securities or property to which a holder of the
number of shares of Common Stock (on an as-converted basis) which
would otherwise have been deliverable upon the exercise of this
Warrant would have been entitled upon such Reorganization if this
Warrant had been exercised immediately prior to such
Reorganization.  In the event of sale or conveyance or other
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
as a part of a plan for liquidation of the Company, all rights to
exercise this Warrant shall terminate thirty (30) days after the
Company gives written notice to Fleet that such sale or
conveyance or other transfer has been consummated.

                                4
<PAGE>

                                ARTICLE IV

                            REGISTRATION RIGHTS

     Section 4.1    Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

          (a)  "Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in
Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in
effect as of the date hereof.

          (b)  "Registrable Securities" shall mean (i) shares of
Common Stock issuable to Fleet or an Affiliate of Fleet upon
exercise of this Warrant, (ii) shares of Common Stock issued to
Fleet or an Affiliate of Fleet pursuant to the exercise of this
Warrant that remain issued and outstanding and owned by Fleet or
an Affiliate of Fleet following such exercise, and (iii) any
shares of Common Stock that are issued as a dividend or other
distribution with respect to, or in exchange for or conversion or
replacement of, any of the shares referenced in clause (ii) above
pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Warrant and that remain issued and
outstanding and owned by Fleet or an Affiliate of Fleet following
exercise of this Warrant; provided, however, that Registrable
Securities shall not include any of the foregoing shares that
have been sold in a distribution pursuant to a registered public
offering or sold under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Act").

          (c)  "Registration Expenses" shall mean all expenses
incurred by the Company in compliance with this Article IV,
including, without limitation, all registration, qualifying and
filing fees, printing expenses, fees and disbursements of counsel
for the Company, blue sky fees and expenses, and any accounting
fees and expenses incident to or required by any such
registration (but excluding the Selling Expenses which shall be
paid by the persons who are selling the securities).

          (d)  "Selling Expenses" shall mean all underwriting
discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of the
Registrable Securities and all fees and disbursements of special
independent counsel for the persons who are selling such
securities.

     Section 4.2    Registration Rights.  The Company shall (a)
cause a registration statement (the "Registration Statement")
relating to the Registrable Securities to be filed under the Act,
on an appropriate form on or before April 30, 1994 and to cause
appropriate filings to be made under the laws of various state
jurisdictions specified by Fleet and (b) use its best efforts
consistent with its responsibilities under the Act and related
securities laws to have the Registration Statement declared
effective on or before June 30, 1994 ("Initial Registration
Date").

     Section 4.3    Expenses of Registration.  All Registration
Expenses incurred in connection with any registration,
qualification or compliance pursuant to this Article IV shall be
borne by the Company, and all Selling Expenses shall be borne by
the persons who are selling Registrable Securities.

                                5
<PAGE>

     Section 4.4    Registration Procedures.  In the case of the
registration effected by the Company pursuant to this Article IV,
the Company will keep Fleet advised in writing as to the
initiation of the registration and as to the completion thereof. 
At its expense, the Company will:

          (a)  use its best efforts to keep the Registration
Statement effective from the Initial Registration Date until the
date which is 18 months after the Termination Date; provided that
Rule 415, or any successor rule under the Act, permits an
offering on a continuous or delayed basis, and provided further
that applicable rules under the Act governing the obligation to
file a post-effective amendment permit, in lieu of filing a post-
effective amendment which (i) includes any prospectus required by
Section 10(a)(3) of the Act or (ii) reflects facts or events
representing a material or fundamental change in the information
set forth in the registration statement, the incorporation by
reference of information required to be included in clauses (i)
and (ii) above to be contained in periodic reports filed pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in
the registration statement; and 

          (b)  furnish such number of prospectuses and other
documents incident thereto as Fleet from time to time may
reasonably request.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon
receipt of any notice (a "Suspension Notice") from the Company of
the happening of any event which makes any statement made in the
Registration Statement or related prospectus untrue or which
requires the making of any changes in such Registration Statement
or prospectus so that they will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in
light of the circumstances they were made not misleading, Fleet
shall forthwith discontinue disposition of the Registrable
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such
Registrable Securities until Fleet's receipt of the copies of the
supplemented or amended prospectus filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission which does not contain an untrue statement of
a material fact or omit a material fact necessary to make any
statement therein not misleading or until Fleet is advised in
writing (the "Advice") by the Company that the use of such
prospectus may be resumed, and has received copies of any
additional or supplemental filings which are incorporated by
reference in the subject prospectus; provided, however, that the
Company shall not give more than one Suspension Notice during any
period of twelve consecutive months and in no event shall the
period from the date on which Fleet receives a Suspension Notice
to the date on which Fleet receives either the Advice or copies
of the above supplemented or amended prospectus exceed 60 days. 
In the event that the Company shall give any Suspension Notice,
(i) the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts and
take such actions as are reasonably necessary to render the
Advice as promptly as practicable and (ii) the time periods for
which a Registration Statement is required to be kept effective
pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof shall be extended by the number of
days (the "Extension Days") during the period from and including
the date of the giving of such notice to and including the date
when Fleet shall have received (x) the copies of the supplemented
or amended prospectus or (y) the Advice.

                                6
<PAGE>

     Section 4.5    Indemnification.

          (a)  The Company will, and does hereby undertake to,
indemnify each of the Lenders, each of its Affiliates, and each
person who controls either of the Lenders (within the meaning of
the Act and the rules and regulations thereunder), on whose
behalf registration, qualification or compliance has been
effected pursuant to this Article IV, from and against all
expenses, claims, losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in
respect thereof to which they become subject), including
settlement of any litigation, commenced or threatened, to which
they may become subject, arising out of or based on any untrue
statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact
contained in any registration statement, including any
preliminary or final prospectus contained therein or any
amendment thereto, or other document incident to any such
registration, qualification or compliance, or based on any
omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, or any violation by the Company of the
Act, any rule or regulation thereunder or any other federal,
state or common law rule, regulation or statute applicable to the
Company and relating to action or inaction required of the
Company in connection with any such registration, qualification
or compliance, and will reimburse each of the Lenders, each of
its Affiliates, and each person who controls either of the
Lenders for the reasonable legal costs of one counsel for such
Lenders, or one separate counsel for each of the Lenders in the
event either of the Lenders in its reasonable discretion believes
there is a conflict of interest or other circumstances which
would make it appropriate to be represented by separate counsel,
and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with
investigating, preparing and defending any such claim, loss,
damage, liability or action; provided that the Company will not
be liable in any such case to the extent that any such claim,
loss, damage, liability or expense arises from or is based on any
untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or
omission based upon written information furnished to the Company
by Fleet or any of its Affiliates, or any person who controls
Fleet, expressly for use therein.

                                7
<PAGE>

          (b)  Fleet will, if Registrable Securities held by it
are included in the securities as to which such registration,
qualification or compliance is being effected, indemnify the
Company, each of its directors and officers and each underwriter,
if any, of the Company's securities covered by such a
registration statement, each person who controls the Company or
such underwriter (within the meaning of the Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder), each other shareholder whose securities
are included in the securities as to which such registration,
qualification or compliance is being effected, and each of their
officers, directors and partners, and each person who controls
such shareholder, against all claims, losses, damages and
liabilities (or actions in respect thereof to which they become
subject), including settlement of any litigation, commenced or
threatened, to which they may become subject, arising out of or
based on any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a
material fact contained in any such registration statement,
including any preliminary or final prospectus contained therein
or any amendment thereto, or other document incident to any such
registration, qualification or compliance, or based on any
omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, and will reimburse the Company and such
shareholders, directors, officers, partners, persons,
underwriters or controlling persons for any legal or any other
expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or
defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action, in
each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue
statement (or alleged untrue statement or alleged omission) is
made in such registration statement, including any preliminary or
final prospectus contained therein or any amendment thereto, or
other document in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by Fleet or any Affiliate of
Fleet expressly for use therein.  In no event, however, shall the
liability of Fleet or any Affiliate of Fleet for indemnification
under this Section 4.6(b) exceed the proceeds received by Fleet
or any Affiliates of Fleet from the sale of Registrable
Securities under such registration statement.

          (c)  Each party entitled to indemnification under this
Section 4.6 (the "Indemnified Party") shall give notice to the
party required to provide indemnification (the "Indemnifying
Party") promptly after such Indemnified Party has actual
knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may be sought, and
shall permit the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense of any
such claim or any litigation resulting therefrom, and the
Indemnified Party may participate in such defense at such party's
expense, and provided further that the failure of any Indemnified
Party to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the
Indemnifying Party of its obligations under this Article IV.  No
Indemnifying Party, in the defense of any such claim or
litigation, shall, except with the consent of each Indemnified
Party (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld), consent
to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which does
not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the
claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release from
all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.  Each
Indemnified Party shall furnish such information regarding itself
or the claim in question as an Indemnifying Party may reasonably
request in writing and as shall be reasonably required in
connection with defense of such claim and litigation resulting
therefrom.
                                8
<PAGE>

     Section 4.6    Information by Fleet.  Fleet and its
Affiliates shall furnish to the Company such information
regarding Fleet and the distribution proposed by Fleet and its
Affiliates as the Company may request in writing and as shall be
required in connection with any registration, qualification or
compliance referred to in this Article IV.


                                 ARTICLE V

            PURCHASER REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

     Fleet represents and warrants to and covenants with, the
Company, as follows:

     Section 5.1    Representations.  It is acquiring the Warrant
for investment for its own account and not with the view to, or
for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof.  It has
no present intention of selling, granting participation in, or
otherwise distributing the Warrant or the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise thereof other than to an Affiliate of
Fleet.  It understands that the Warrant and the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise thereof have not been registered
under the Securities Act, or any state blue sky laws.  It
acknowledges that the Warrant and the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise thereof must be held indefinitely unless
they are subsequently registered under the Act or an exemption
from such registration is available.  It has been advised or is
aware of the provisions of Rules 144 and 144A promulgated under
the Act, which permit the resale of shares purchased in a private
placement subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions and
that such Rules may not be available for resale of the shares.

     Section 5.2    Restrictive Legend.  Each certificate
representing shares of the Company's Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Warrant, or any other securities issued in
respect of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Warrant,
upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation or similar event, shall (unless otherwise permitted
or unless the securities evidenced by such certificate shall have
been registered under the Securities Act) be stamped or otherwise
imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form (in
addition to any legend required under applicable state securities
laws):

                                9
<PAGE>

     THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
     REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND MAY NOT BE
     SOLD, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE
     REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT,
     OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT
     SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT, IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES, REQUIRED, OR
     EVIDENCE SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE SHARES HAVE
     BEEN SOLD IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 PROMULGATED UNDER SAID
     ACT.


                                ARTICLE VI

                               MISCELLANEOUS

     Section 6.1    Notices.  Notices or demands relating to this
Warrant shall be sufficiently given or made if sent to the party
to whom notice is being given by first-class mail, postage
prepaid, addressed as follows, or telexed, telecopied, or
delivered by overnight or other courier:

          If to Fleet:

                    Fleet Bank of Massachusetts, N. A.
                    75 State Street
                    Boston, MA  02109
                    Attn:  Thomas J. Bullard

          with a copy to

                    Goodwin, Procter & Hoar
                    Exchange Place
                    Boston, MA 02109
                    Attn:  Jon D. Schneider, P.C.

          If to the Company:

                    Concurrent Computer Corporation
                    2 Crescent Place
                    Oceanport, NJ  07724
                    Attn:  Vice President, General Counsel


     Section 6.2    Successors.  All of the covenants and
provisions of this Warrant by or for the benefit of the Company
or Fleet shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective
successors and permitted assigns hereunder.

                                10
<PAGE>

     Section 6.3    THIS WARRANT, AND ALL QUESTIONS RELATING TO
THE INTERPRETATION, CONSTRUCTION AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS
WARRANT, SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS BY THE SUBSTANTIVE
LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS.

     Section 6.4    Amendments and Waivers.  Except as otherwise
provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may not be
amended, modified or supplemented, other than by a written
instrument executed by the Company and Fleet.

     Section 6.5    Severability.  In the event that any one or
more of the provisions contained herein, or the application
thereof in any circumstances, is held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity,
legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other
respect and of the remaining provisions contained herein shall
not be in any way impaired thereby, it being intended that all of
the rights and privileges of Fleet shall be enforceable to the
fullest extent permitted by law.

     Section 6.6    Transferability.  The Warrant shall be
transferable in whole but not in part to an Affiliate of Fleet,
and after December 15, 1994, to the extent then exercisable, to
other than an Affiliate of Fleet, and the Company upon being
provided with evidence satisfactory to it of such transfer and of
compliance with the Act and related securities laws, shall issue
a new Warrant certificate in the name of such transferee.  In the
event of any transfer other than to an Affiliate, the
registration provisions of Section 4 hereof shall not apply to
shares of Common Stock or otherwise Registrable Securities
issuable upon exercise of such transferred Warrant.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Warrant to be duly executed and delivered, all as of the date and
year first above written.

                              CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION


                              By:____________________________
                                Name:                             
                                Title:                             


                              FLEET BANK OF MASSACHUSETTS


                              By:____________________________
                                Name:                             
                                Title:                             

                                11
<PAGE>

                                                   EXHIBIT A



                       FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

                   (To be executed if holder desires to
                           exercise the Warrant)


CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
2 Crescent Place
Oceanport, NJ  07724

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise
_________ Warrants to purchase ___________ (_____) of the shares
of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such Warrant and
requests that certificates for such shares be issued in the name
of:
___________________________________________________________
                      (Please print name and address)

___________________________________________________________

     The undersigned hereby makes payment by wire
transfer/cashier's check in the amount of $_________ toward the
aggregate Exercise Price of $_______ and irrevocably promises to
pay the balance, if any, of the aggregate Exercise Price within
five business days of the date hereof.

Please insert social security or other identifying number
_____________________.


Dated:_______________, 19____.

                              FLEET BANK OF MASSACHUSETTS, N.A.

                          By:__________________________________
                                Name:
                                Title:

                                12


<PAGE>

THIS WARRANT AND THE SHARES OF COMMON STOCK TRANSFERRED UPON
EXERCISE OF THIS WARRANT HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "ACT"), OR ANY STATE
SECURITIES LAW AND MAY NOT BE SOLD, MORTGAGED, PLEDGED,
HYPOTHECATED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT (i) PURSUANT TO AN
EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE
STATE SECURITIES LAWS OR (ii) UPON FIRST FURNISHING TO THE
COMPANY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO IT THAT SUCH
TRANSFER IS NOT IN VIOLATION OF THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF
THE ACT OR ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAW.  THIS WARRANT IS
ALSO SUBJECT TO THE RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFER SET FORTH HEREIN.

                                  WARRANT

     THIS WARRANT dated as of February 18, 1994, between
CONCURRENT COMPUTER, a Delaware corporation (the "Company") and
CIBC Inc. ("CIBC").  Capitalized terms used herein shall have the
meanings ascribed to them in the Second Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement between Fleet Bank of Massachusetts, N.A.
("Fleet"), CIBC, the Company and Fleet, as agent, dated July 21,
1993, as amended ("Credit Agreement").

                           W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, pursuant to Amendment No. 4 to Second Amended and
Restated Credit Agreement dated as of February 18, 1994, the
Company has agreed to issue to CIBC this warrant (the "Warrant")
of the Company, which entitles CIBC to purchase, upon the terms
and conditions hereinafter set forth, shares of the Company's
Common Stock, $.01 par value per share (the "Common Stock");

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the
mutual agreements herein set forth and other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:


                                 ARTICLE I

                             GRANT OF WARRANT

     This Warrant entitles CIBC to purchase, at a price per share
equal to the Exercise Price per share (as defined in Section 2.1
hereof), Three Hundred Thousand (300,000) shares of Common Stock,
subject to adjustment as set forth in Section 3.4 hereof.


<PAGE>

                                ARTICLE II

                    EXERCISE OF WARRANT; EXERCISE PRICE

     Section 2.1    Exercise Price.  This Warrant shall entitle
CIBC, subject to the provisions of this Article II, to purchase
from the Company the number of shares of Common Stock provided
for in Article I, at a purchase price per share equal to $1.50
(the closing price per share on February 18, 1994), which shall
be payable by wire transfer to a designated account of the
Company or cashier's check in the manner set forth in Section
2.3.

     Section 2.2    Right to Exercise the Warrant.  This Warrant
may be exercised in full at any time during the period from the
date hereof through September 30, 1994 (the "Termination Date"),
subject to extension pursuant to Section 2.5 below.

     Section 2.3    Procedure for Exercising the Warrant.  CIBC
may exercise this Warrant by executing the Form of Election
attached hereto as Exhibit A and delivering it to the Company on
any business day during normal business hours and tendering the
aggregate Exercise Price of which at least the dollar amount
representing the par value of the number of shares of Common
Stock issuable upon such election shall be payable upon such
election with the balance of the aggregate Exercise Price, if
any, payable within five business days of such election (the date
of receipt of such Form of Election and the minimum amount of the
aggregate Exercise Price by the Company is hereinafter referred
to as the "Exercise Date").

     Section 2.4    Issuance of Shares.  Within five (5) business
days following the Exercise Date, the Company shall (provided
that it has received the Form of Election duly executed,
accompanied by payment of the Exercise Price pursuant to
Section 2.1 hereof for each of the shares of Common Stock to be
purchased) execute and deliver to CIBC a certificate or
certificates for the number of shares of Common Stock for which
this Warrant is being exercised.

     Section 2.5    Extension of Termination Date.  The
Termination Date may be extended as set forth below.

          (a)  November 15, 1994.  In the event that the Lenders
notify the Company in writing on or before September 26, 1994
that the payments (the "Payments") due to the Lenders on or
before September 30, 1994 and December 31, 1994 pursuant to
Section 4.01 of the Credit Agreement may be deferred by the
Company to on or before November 15, 1994 and February 15, 1995,
respectively, the Termination Date shall be extended through
November 15, 1994.

                                2
<PAGE>

          (b)  June 30, 1995.  In the event that the Termination
Date is extended to November 15, 1994 pursuant to paragraph (a)
above and the Lenders notify the Company in writing on or before
November 10, 1994 that the Payments may be deferred by the
Company to on or before June 30, 1995, the Termination Date shall
be extended through June 30, 1995.

          (c)  Maturity Date of Restructured Term Loans.  In the
event that the Warrant has not expired and the Term Loans are
restructured by written agreement by and between the Company and
the Lenders on or before December 15, 1994, the Termination Date
shall be extended through the maturity date of the restructured
Term Loan.

          (d)  Suspension Notice Extension.  Notwithstanding and
in addition to any other extension of the Termination Date
pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) or (c) above, upon the Company's
giving a Suspension Notice to CIBC, the Termination Date
automatically shall be extended by the number of days equal to
the Extension Days, as defined in Section 4.4 hereof.


                                ARTICLE III

           RESERVATION AND AVAILABILITY OF SHARES; ANTI-DILUTION

     Section 3.1    Reservation of Shares.  The Company covenants
and agrees that it will reserve and keep available out of its
authorized and unissued Common Stock, or its authorized and
issued Common Stock held in its treasury, the number of shares of
Common Stock that will be sufficient to permit the exercise in
full of this Warrant.

     Section 3.2    Shares to be Duly Authorized and Issued.  The
Company covenants and agrees that it will take all such action as
may be necessary to ensure that all shares of Common Stock
delivered upon exercise of this Warrant shall, at the time of
delivery of the certificates for such shares, be duly and validly
authorized and issued.

     Section 3.3    Stock Record Date.  Each person or entity in
whose name any certificate for shares of Common Stock is issued
upon the exercise of this Warrant shall for all purposes be
deemed to have become the holder of record of the shares of
Common Stock represented thereby on, and such certificate shall
be dated, the date upon which the Form of Election was duly
executed and payment of the aggregate Exercise Price therefor was
made.  Prior to the exercise of this Warrant, CIBC shall not be
entitled to any rights of a stockholder of the Company with
respect to the shares of Common Stock for which this Warrant
shall be exercisable, including, without limitation, the right to
vote or to receive dividends or other distributions and shall not
be entitled to receive any notice of any proceedings of the
Company, except as provided herein.

                                3
<PAGE>

     Section 3.4    Anti-Dilution Adjustment and Reorganizations.

          (a)  Common Stock Dividend, Subdivisions and
Contributions.  In the event of any change in the shares of
Common Stock by reason of stock dividend, split up, merger,
recapitalization, subdivision, conversion, combination, exchange
of shares or similar transactions, the type and number of Common
Stock issuable under the Warrant and the Exercise Price therefor
shall be adjusted appropriately, and proper provision shall be
made in the agreements governing such transaction, so that CIBC
shall receive upon exercise of the Warrant the number and class
of shares or other securities or property that CIBC would have
held immediately after such event if the Warrant had been
exercised immediately prior to such event, or the record date
therefor, as applicable.

          (b)  Reorganizations.  In case of any consolidation or
merger of the Company with or into another corporation (other
than a merger or consolidation in which the Company is the
continuing corporation and which does not result in any
reclassification of the outstanding shares of Common Stock or the
conversion of such outstanding shares of Common Stock into shares
of other stock or other securities or property), or the sale of
the property of the Company as an entirety or substantially as an
entirety (collectively such actions being hereinafter referred to
as "Reorganizations"), there shall thereafter be deliverable upon
exercise of this Warrant (in lieu of the number of shares of
Common Stock theretofore deliverable) the number of shares of
stock or other securities or property to which a holder of the
number of shares of Common Stock (on an as-converted basis) which
would otherwise have been deliverable upon the exercise of this
Warrant would have been entitled upon such Reorganization if this
Warrant had been exercised immediately prior to such
Reorganization.  In the event of sale or conveyance or other
transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
as a part of a plan for liquidation of the Company, all rights to
exercise this Warrant shall terminate thirty (30) days after the
Company gives written notice to CIBC that such sale or conveyance
or other transfer has been consummated.


                                ARTICLE IV

                            REGISTRATION RIGHTS

     Section 4.1    Definitions.  For purposes of this Agreement,
the following terms shall have the following respective meanings:

                                4
<PAGE>

          (a)  "Affiliate" shall have the meaning set forth in
Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in
effect as of the date hereof.

          (b)  "Registrable Securities" shall mean (i) shares of
Common Stock issuable to CIBC or an Affiliate of CIBC upon
exercise of this Warrant, (ii) shares of Common Stock issued to
CIBC or an Affiliate of CIBC pursuant to the exercise of this
Warrant that remain issued and outstanding and owned by CIBC or
an Affiliate of CIBC following such exercise, and (iii) any
shares of Common Stock that are issued as a dividend or other
distribution with respect to, or in exchange for or conversion or
replacement of, any of the shares referenced in clause (ii) above
pursuant to Section 3.4 of the Warrant and that remain issued and
outstanding and owned by CIBC or an Affiliate of CIBC following
exercise of this Warrant; provided, however, that Registrable
Securities shall not include any of the foregoing shares that
have been sold in a distribution pursuant to a registered public
offering or sold under Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the "Act").

          (c)  "Registration Expenses" shall mean all expenses
incurred by the Company in compliance with this Article IV,
including, without limitation, all registration, qualifying and
filing fees, printing expenses, fees and disbursements of counsel
for the Company, blue sky fees and expenses, and any accounting
fees and expenses incident to or required by any such
registration (but excluding the Selling Expenses which shall be
paid by the persons who are selling the securities).

          (d)  "Selling Expenses" shall mean all underwriting
discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of the
Registrable Securities and all fees and disbursements of special
independent counsel for the persons who are selling such
securities.

     Section 4.2    Registration Rights.  The Company shall (a)
cause a registration statement (the "Registration Statement")
relating to the Registrable Securities to be filed under the Act,
on an appropriate form on or before April 30, 1994 and to cause
appropriate filings to be made under the laws of various state
jurisdictions specified by CIBC and (b) use its best efforts
consistent with its responsibilities under the Act and related
securities laws to have the Registration Statement declared
effective on or before June 30, 1994 ("Initial Registration
Date").

                                5
<PAGE>

     Section 4.3    Expenses of Registration.  All Registration
Expenses incurred in connection with any registration,
qualification or compliance pursuant to this Article IV shall be
borne by the Company, and all Selling Expenses shall be borne by
the persons who are selling Registrable Securities.

     Section 4.4    Registration Procedures.  In the case of the
registration effected by the Company pursuant to this Article IV,
the Company will keep CIBC advised in writing as to the
initiation of the registration and as to the completion thereof. 
At its expense, the Company will:

          (a)  use its best efforts to keep the Registration
Statement effective from the Initial Registration Date until the
date which is 18 months after the Termination Date; provided that
Rule 415, or any successor rule under the Act, permits an
offering on a continuous or delayed basis, and provided further
that applicable rules under the Act governing the obligation to
file a post-effective amendment permit, in lieu of filing a post-
effective amendment which (i) includes any prospectus required by
Section 10(a)(3) of the Act or (ii) reflects facts or events
representing a material or fundamental change in the information
set forth in the registration statement, the incorporation by
reference of information required to be included in clauses (i)
and (ii) above to be contained in periodic reports filed pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in
the registration statement; and 

          (b)  furnish such number of prospectuses and other
documents incident thereto as CIBC from time to time may
reasonably request.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, upon
receipt of any notice (a "Suspension Notice") from the Company of
the happening of any event which makes any statement made in the
Registration Statement or related prospectus untrue or which
requires the making of any changes in such Registration Statement
or prospectus so that they will not contain any untrue statement
of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein in
light of the circumstances they were made not misleading, CIBC
shall forthwith discontinue disposition of the Registrable
Securities pursuant to the Registration Statement covering such
Registrable Securities until CIBC's receipt of the copies of the
supplemented or amended prospectus filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission which does not contain an untrue statement of
a material fact or omit a material fact necessary to make any
statement therein not misleading or until CIBC is advised in
writing (the "Advice") by the Company that the use of such
prospectus may be resumed, and has received copies of any
additional or supplemental filings which are incorporated by
reference in the subject prospectus; provided, however, that the
Company shall not give more than one Suspension Notice during any
period of twelve consecutive months and in no event shall the
period from the date on which CIBC receives a Suspension Notice
to the date on which CIBC receives either the Advice or copies of
the above supplemented or amended prospectus exceed 60 days.  In
the event that the Company shall give any Suspension Notice,
(i) the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts and
take such actions as are reasonably necessary to render the
Advice as promptly as practicable and (ii) the time periods for
which a Registration Statement is required to be kept effective
pursuant to Section 4.4 hereof shall be extended by the number of
days (the "Extension Days") during the period from and including
the date of the giving of such notice to and including the date
when CIBC shall have received (x) the copies of the supplemented
or amended prospectus or (y) the Advice.

                                6
<PAGE>

     Section 4.5    Indemnification.

          (a)  The Company will, and does hereby undertake to,
indemnify each of the Lenders, each of its Affiliates, and each
person who controls either of the Lenders (within the meaning of
the Act and the rules and regulations thereunder), on whose
behalf registration, qualification or compliance has been
effected pursuant to this Article IV, from and against all
expenses, claims, losses, damages and liabilities (or actions in
respect thereof to which they become subject), including
settlement of any litigation, commenced or threatened, to which
they may become subject, arising out of or based on any untrue
statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a material fact
contained in any registration statement, including any
preliminary or final prospectus contained therein or any
amendment thereto, or other document incident to any such
registration, qualification or compliance, or based on any
omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, or any violation by the Company of the
Act, any rule or regulation thereunder or any other federal,
state or common law rule, regulation or statute applicable to the
Company and relating to action or inaction required of the
Company in connection with any such registration, qualification
or compliance, and will reimburse each of the Lenders, each of
its Affiliates, and each person who controls either of the
Lenders for the reasonable legal costs of one counsel for such
Lenders, or one separate counsel for each of the Lenders in the
event either of the Lenders in its reasonable discretion believes
there is a conflict of interest or other circumstances which
would make it appropriate to be represented by separate counsel,
and other expenses reasonably incurred in connection with
investigating, preparing and defending any such claim, loss,
damage, liability or action; provided that the Company will not
be liable in any such case to the extent that any such claim,
loss, damage, liability or expense arises from or is based on any
untrue statement or omission or alleged untrue statement or
omission based upon written information furnished to the Company
by CIBC or any of its Affiliates, or any person who controls
CIBC, expressly for use therein.

          (b)  CIBC will, if Registrable Securities held by it
are included in the securities as to which such registration,
qualification or compliance is being effected, indemnify the
Company, each of its directors and officers and each underwriter,
if any, of the Company's securities covered by such a
registration statement, each person who controls the Company or
such underwriter (within the meaning of the Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder), each other shareholder whose securities
are included in the securities as to which such registration,
qualification or compliance is being effected, and each of their
officers, directors and partners, and each person who controls
such shareholder, against all claims, losses, damages and
liabilities (or actions in respect thereof to which they become
subject), including settlement of any litigation, commenced or

                                7
<PAGE>

threatened, to which they may become subject, arising out of or
based on any untrue statement (or alleged untrue statement) of a
material fact contained in any such registration statement,
including any preliminary or final prospectus contained therein
or any amendment thereto, or other document incident to any such
registration, qualification or compliance, or based on any
omission (or alleged omission) to state therein a material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein not misleading, and will reimburse the Company and such
shareholders, directors, officers, partners, persons,
underwriters or controlling persons for any legal or any other
expenses reasonably incurred in connection with investigating or
defending any such claim, loss, damage, liability or action, in
each case to the extent, but only to the extent, that such untrue
statement (or alleged untrue statement or alleged omission) is
made in such registration statement, including any preliminary or
final prospectus contained therein or any amendment thereto, or
other document in reliance upon and in conformity with written
information furnished to the Company by CIBC or any Affiliate of
CIBC expressly for use therein.  In no event, however, shall the
liability of CIBC or any Affiliate of CIBC for indemnification
under this Section 4.6(b) exceed the proceeds received by CIBC or
any Affiliates of CIBC from the sale of Registrable Securities
under such registration statement.

          (c)  Each party entitled to indemnification under this
Section 4.6 (the "Indemnified Party") shall give notice to the
party required to provide indemnification (the "Indemnifying
Party") promptly after such Indemnified Party has actual
knowledge of any claim as to which indemnity may be sought, and
shall permit the Indemnifying Party to assume the defense of any
such claim or any litigation resulting therefrom, and the
Indemnified Party may participate in such defense at such party's
expense, and provided further that the failure of any Indemnified
Party to give notice as provided herein shall not relieve the
Indemnifying Party of its obligations under this Article IV.  No
Indemnifying Party, in the defense of any such claim or
litigation, shall, except with the consent of each Indemnified
Party (which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld), consent
to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement which does
not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the
claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnified Party of a release from
all liability in respect to such claim or litigation.  Each
Indemnified Party shall furnish such information regarding itself
or the claim in question as an Indemnifying Party may reasonably
request in writing and as shall be reasonably required in
connection with defense of such claim and litigation resulting
therefrom.

                                8
<PAGE>

     Section 4.6    Information by CIBC.  CIBC and its Affiliates
shall furnish to the Company such information regarding CIBC and
the distribution proposed by CIBC and its Affiliates as the
Company may request in writing and as shall be required in
connection with any registration, qualification or compliance
referred to in this Article IV.


                                 ARTICLE V

            PURCHASER REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND COVENANTS

     CIBC represents and warrants to and covenants with, the
Company, as follows:

     Section 5.1    Representations.  It is acquiring the Warrant
for investment for its own account and not with the view to, or
for resale in connection with, any distribution thereof.  It has
no present intention of selling, granting participation in, or
otherwise distributing the Warrant or the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise thereof other than to an Affiliate of
CIBC.  It understands that the Warrant and the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon exercise thereof have not been registered
under the Securities Act, or any state blue sky laws.  It
acknowledges that the Warrant and the shares of Common Stock
issuable upon exercise thereof must be held indefinitely unless
they are subsequently registered under the Act or an exemption
from such registration is available.  It has been advised or is
aware of the provisions of Rules 144 and 144A promulgated under
the Act, which permit the resale of shares purchased in a private
placement subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions and
that such Rules may not be available for resale of the shares.

     Section 5.2    Restrictive Legend.  Each certificate
representing shares of the Company's Common Stock issuable upon
exercise of the Warrant, or any other securities issued in
respect of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of the Warrant,
upon any stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, merger,
consolidation or similar event, shall (unless otherwise permitted
or unless the securities evidenced by such certificate shall have
been registered under the Securities Act) be stamped or otherwise
imprinted with a legend in substantially the following form (in
addition to any legend required under applicable state securities
laws):

                                9
<PAGE>

     THE SHARES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE HAVE NOT BEEN
     REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AND MAY NOT BE
     SOLD, ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF AN EFFECTIVE
     REGISTRATION STATEMENT FOR SUCH SECURITIES UNDER SAID ACT,
     OR AN OPINION OF COUNSEL SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT
     SUCH REGISTRATION IS NOT, IN THE CIRCUMSTANCES, REQUIRED, OR
     EVIDENCE SATISFACTORY TO THE COMPANY THAT THE SHARES HAVE
     BEEN SOLD IN COMPLIANCE WITH RULE 144 PROMULGATED UNDER SAID
     ACT.


                                ARTICLE VI

                               MISCELLANEOUS

     Section 6.1    Notices.  Notices or demands relating to this
Warrant shall be sufficiently given or made if sent to the party
to whom notice is being given by first-class mail, postage
prepaid, addressed as follows, or telexed, telecopied, or
delivered by overnight or other courier:

          If to CIBC:

                    CIBC Inc.
                    Embarcadero Center
                    West Tower
                    275 Battery Street, Suite 1840
                    San Francisco, CA  94111
                    Attn:  Thomas R. Wagner

          with a copy to

                    Goodwin, Procter & Hoar
                    Exchange Place
                    Boston, MA 02109
                    Attn:  Jon D. Schneider, P.C.

          If to the Company:

                    Concurrent Computer Corporation
                    2 Crescent Place
                    Oceanport, NJ  07724
                    Attn:  Vice President, General Counsel


     Section 6.2    Successors.  All of the covenants and
provisions of this Warrant by or for the benefit of the Company
or CIBC shall bind and inure to the benefit of their respective
successors and permitted assigns hereunder.

                                10
<PAGE>

     Section 6.3    THIS WARRANT, AND ALL QUESTIONS RELATING TO
THE INTERPRETATION, CONSTRUCTION AND ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS
WARRANT, SHALL BE GOVERNED IN ALL RESPECTS BY THE SUBSTANTIVE
LAWS OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS.

     Section 6.4    Amendments and Waivers.  Except as otherwise
provided herein, the provisions of this Warrant may not be
amended, modified or supplemented, other than by a written
instrument executed by the Company and CIBC.

     Section 6.5    Severability.  In the event that any one or
more of the provisions contained herein, or the application
thereof in any circumstances, is held invalid, illegal or
unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the validity,
legality and enforceability of any such provision in every other
respect and of the remaining provisions contained herein shall
not be in any way impaired thereby, it being intended that all of
the rights and privileges of CIBC shall be enforceable to the
fullest extent permitted by law.

     Section 6.6    Transferability.  The Warrant shall be
transferable in whole but not in part to an Affiliate of CIBC,
and after December 15, 1994, to the extent then exercisable, to
other than an Affiliate of CIBC, and the Company upon being
provided with evidence satisfactory to it of such transfer and of
compliance with the Act and related securities laws, shall issue
a new Warrant certificate in the name of such transferee.  In the
event of any transfer other than to an Affiliate, the
registration provisions of Section 4 hereof shall not apply to
shares of Common Stock or otherwise Registrable Securities
issuable upon exercise of such transferred Warrant.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this
Warrant to be duly executed and delivered, all as of the date and
year first above written.

                              CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION

By: _______________________________
                                Name:
                                Title:

                              CIBC INC.

By:________________________________
                                Name:
                                Title:

                                11
<PAGE>

                                                   EXHIBIT A



                       FORM OF ELECTION TO PURCHASE

                   (To be executed if holder desires to
                           exercise the Warrant)


CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION
2 Crescent Place
Oceanport, NJ  07724

Ladies and Gentlemen:

     The undersigned hereby irrevocably elects to exercise        
                    Warrants to purchase                (     )
of the shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of such
Warrant and requests that certificates for such shares be issued
in the name of:
                                                            
                      (Please print name and address)

                                                            

     The undersigned hereby makes payment by wire
transfer/cashier's check in the amount of $_________ toward the
aggregate Exercise Price of $_______ and irrevocably promises to
pay the balance, if any, of the aggregate Exercise Price within
five business days of the date hereof.

Please insert social security or other identifying number         
                   

Dated:_________________, 19__.

                              CIBC INC.

                          By:_________________________
                                Name:
                                Title:

                                12

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7(F)
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDMENT NO. 5 TO RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                                                            Exhibit 10.7(f)
                              AMENDMENT NO. 5
                                    TO
               SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT


     THIS AMENDMENT NO. 5, dated as of  August 19, 1994, is
between Concurrent Computer Corporation (the "Company"), Fleet
Bank of Massachusetts, N.A. ("Fleet") and CIBC Inc. (the
"Lenders").

     WHEREAS, the Company has requested that the Lenders agree to
amend the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as
of July 21, 1993, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 28, 1993,
Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
dated as of November 10, 1993, Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended
and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 18, 1993 and
Amendment No. 4 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
dated as of  February 18, 1994 (the "Credit Agreement") between
the Company, the Lenders and Fleet, as Agent for the Lenders by,
among other things, changing certain financial covenants; 

     NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for
other good and valuable consideration, the Company and, pursuant
to Section 12.04 of the Credit Agreement, the Lenders hereby
agree as follows:

     1.   Terms used herein and not otherwise defined shall have
the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement.

     2.   The term "Maturity Date" is redefined to mean October
1, 1995.

<PAGE>

     3.    Section 3A of the Credit Agreement is amended by
replacing "June 30, 1995" with "October 1, 1995".

     4.   Section 9.28 of the Credit Agreement is amended by
replacing "2.00 to 1" for the fiscal quarter ending September
30, 1994 with "2.85 to 1".    

     5.   Section 9.29 of the Credit Agreement is deleted and
replaced with the following language:

     "9.29.  Debt Service Coverage Ratio.  The Company
     will not, as at the end of any fiscal quarter,
     permit the ratio of (a) EBITDA to (b) the sum of
     (i) Interest Expense for such period, plus (ii) all
     scheduled principal payments due on money borrowed
     from any source for such quarter, plus (iii) all
     lease payments in respect of Capital Lease
     Obligations during such quarter, to be less than
     1.4 to 1.0.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) any
     scheduled monthly principal installment deferred
     pursuant to Section 4.01 hereof shall not
     constitute a "scheduled principal payment" for any
     fiscal quarter other than the fiscal quarter during
     which such installment originally was due, and (b)
     for the fiscal quarters ending September 30, 1994,
     December 31, 1994, March 31, 1995 and June 30,
     1995, the above ratio shall not be less than 1.85
     to 1, 2.0 to 1, 2.0 to 1 and 2.0 to 1,
     respectively."
     
     6.   Section 9.31 of the Credit Agreement is deleted and
replaced with the following language:

     "9.31.  Domestic Liquid Assets.  The Company will
     not permit Domestic Liquid Assets at the end of
     each fiscal month to be less than the amount set
     forth below opposite each such month.  For purposes
     hereof, "Domestic Liquid Assets" shall mean the sum
     of (a) domestic cash and cash equivalent, (b)
     Eligible Accounts Receivable, and (c) domestic
     inventory.  

                                2
<PAGE>

          Fiscal Month Ending Domestic Liquid Assets

          July 31, 1994                 $25,500,000
          August 31, 1994               $24,000,000
          September 30, 1994            $27,500,000
          October 31, 1994              $25,500,000
          November 30, 1994             $23,000,000
          December 31, 1994             $26,000,000
          January 31, 1995              $24,500,000
          February 28, 1995             $22,000,000
          March 31, 1995                $27,000,000
          April 30, 1995                $24,500,000
          May 31, 1995                  $22,000,000
          June 30, 1995 and each        $27,500,000"
          fiscal month thereafter                      
          
     7.   Section 9.32 of the Credit Agreement is amended by
replacing the columns styled "Fiscal Quarter Ending" and "Quick
Ratio" with the following language:

          "Fiscal Quarter Ending        Quick Ratio

          September 30, 1994            .55 to 1
          December 31, 1994             .55 to 1
          March 31, 1995                .60 to 1
          June 30, 1995, and each       .60 to 1"
          fiscal quarter ending
          thereafter

     8.   Section 9.33 of the Credit Agreement is amended by
replacing the columns styled "Fiscal Quarter Ending" and
"Maximum Leverage Ratio" with the following language:

          "Fiscal Quarter Ending        Maximum Leverage Ratio

          September 30, 1994                 2.30
          December 31, 1994                  2.10
          March 31, 1995                     2.0
          June 30, 1995, and each            1.9"
          fiscal quarter ending
          thereafter

     9.   Except as otherwise expressly provided above, (a) all
terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement shall remain in
full force and effect and are hereby ratified and confirmed,
and (b) the execution, delivery and effectiveness of this
Amendment No. 5 shall not operate as a waiver of any right,
power or remedy of any Lender or the Agent under any of the
Basic Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision under
any of such Documents.  

                                3
<PAGE>

       10.     The Company represents and warrants that (a) the
representations and warranties set forth in the Credit
Agreement are true and accurate as of the date hereof, and (b)
no Specified Event exists.

       11.     This Amendment No. 5 only shall be effective upon (a)
the Company's payment to Fleet and CIBC Inc. in immediately
available funds of an extension and restructuring fee of
$39,285 and $35,715, respectively, and (b) receipt by the Agent
of (i) an opinion from the General Counsel of the Company in
form and substance satisfactory to the Agent and Lenders and
(ii) an original certificate from the Delaware Secretary of
State dated on or after August 18, 1994 certifying the
Company's good standing and legal existence.  Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained herein, the amendment to
Section 3A of the Credit Agreement set forth above only shall
be effective upon the execution and delivery by the Company to
Fleet of all documents requested by Fleet which are necessary
to effect the extension of the expiry date of the L/C's.

       12.     This Amendment No. 5 may be executed in any number of
counterparts, all of which taken together shall constitute one
and the same instrument and any of the other parties hereto may
execute this Amendment No. 5 by signing any such counterpart. 
This Amendment No. 5 shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of The Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

                                4
<PAGE>

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Amendment
No. 5 to be duly executed as of the date first above written.


                              CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION

By:_____________________________________


                              FLEET BANK OF MASSACHUSETTS, N.A.

By:_____________________________________


                              CIBC INC.

By:______________________________________

                                5
<PAGE>

                                 Exhibit A

               DOMESTIC LIQUID ASSETS COMPLIANCE CERTIFICATE

               Monthly fiscal period ending ___________, 199_

     Reference is made to be Second Amended and Restated Credit
Agreement dated as of July 21, 1993 (as modified and supplemental
and in effect from time to time, the "Credit Agreement") between
the Lenders, Agent and Concurrent Computer Corporation
("Company"). Terms defined in the Credit Agreement are used as
defined herein.

     The officer executing this certificate* on behalf of the
Company hereby certifies that, to be best of [his/her] knowledge,
the Company is in compliance with Section 9.31 of the Credit
Agreement as at the end of the monthly fiscal period ending
________, 199_ as set forth in the attached Annex 1 and as
determined in accordance with the requirements of the Credit
Agreement.

     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this
certificate to be duly executed as of the ______ day of
______________, 199_.

                      CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION


By:________________________________

                                   Title:

*    Must be signed by the president, chief executive officer,
     chief financial officer or controller of the Company

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>STATEMENT RE COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
<TEXT>



                        Concurrent Computer Corporation
                                  Exhibit 11
          Primary and Fully Diluted Earnings Per Share Computation
         (Dollars and shares in thousands, except per share amounts)


                                         Years ended June 30,
                                   --------------------------------
                                     1994        1993        1992
                                   --------    --------    --------

  Income (loss) before
    extraordinary gain (loss) and
    cumulative effect of change
    in accounting principles       $(11,631)   $  3,869    $   (955)
  Extraordinary gain (loss) on
    early extinguishment of debt    (23,193)        -        61,102
  Cumulative effect of change
    in accounting principles         (5,000)        -           -
                                   --------    --------    --------
  Net income (loss)                $(39,824)   $  3,869    $ 60,147
                                   ========    ========    ========

  Weighted average number of
    of common shares                 28,054       2,367       2,004

  Increase in weighted average
    number of common shares
    upon assumed conversion
    of preferred stock                  -         6,982       5,237

  Increase in weighted average
    number of common shares
    upon assumed exercise
    of stock options                    -           416         276
                                   --------    --------    --------
  Total                              28,054       9,765       7,517
                                   ========    ========    ========

  Income (loss) per share:
    Income (loss) before
      extraordinary gain (loss) and
      cumulative effect of change
      in accounting principles     $  (0.41)   $   0.40    $  (0.13)
    Extraordinary gain (loss) on
      early extinguishment of debt    (0.83)        -          8.13
    Cumulative effect of change
      in accounting principles        (0.18)        -           -
                                   --------    --------    --------
    Net income (loss)              $  (1.42)   $   0.40    $   8.00
                                   ========    ========    ========





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT
<TEXT>



EXHIBIT 22.0

                      CONCURRENT COMPUTER CORPORATION

                      Subsidiaries of the Registrant


                                        Jurisdiction of
Subsidiary Name                    Incorporation/Organization

Domestic

Concurrent Computer Corporation (France)     Delaware, USA
Concurrent Computer Asia Corporation         Delaware, USA
Concurrent Securities Corp.


Foreign

Concurrent Computer Corporation Pty. Ltd.    Australia
Concurrent Computer Belgium B.V./S.A.        Belgium
Concurrent Computer Canada, Inc.             Canada
Concurrent Computer France S.A.              France
Concurrent Computer GmbH                     Germany
Concurrent Computer Hellas, EPE              Greece
Concurrent Computer Hong Kong Limited        Hong Kong
Concurrent Computer Ireland, Ltd.            Ireland
Concurrent Computer Italia S.r.l.            Italy
Concurrent Nippon Corporation                Japan (60%)
Concurrent Nederland B.V.                    The Netherlands
Concurrent Computer New Zealand              New Zealand
Concurrent Computer Far East Pte. Ltd.       Singapore
Concurrent Computer Hispania, S.A.           Spain
Concurrent Computer Holding Co. Ltd.         United Kindgom
Concurrent Computer Nederland, Ltd.          United Kindgom
Concurrent Computer Corporation, Ltd.        United Kindgom
Concurrent Computer Scandinavia Limited      United Kindgom



All subsidiaries (unless otherwise noted) are wholly owned.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
<TEXT>



                    CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
                              _______________

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration
statements of Concurrent Computer Corporation (the "Company") on
Form S-8 (File No. 33-54605) and Form S-3 (File No. 33-53663) of
our report dated August 19, 1994 on our audits of the
consolidated financial statements and financial statement
schedules of Concurrent Computer Corporation as of June 30, 1994
and 1993 and for the three years in the period ended June 30,
1994, which report is included in the Company's Annual Report on
Form 10-K.



                                COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P.


Parsippany, New Jersey
September 27, 1994

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
