-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 oBc5aYVCOQwOm+vofe/0zxkIzpWa3MgxmxoPTju2CAtTigiC0rv6WUhdigSe3vnT
 E7rr9LUiG9UJ7TCGis5isw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000082628-94-000005.txt : 19940927
<IMS-HEADER>0000082628-94-000005.hdr.sgml : 19940927
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000082628-94-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940920
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SYMMETRICOM INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000082628
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3674
		IRS NUMBER:				951906306
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-02287
		FILM NUMBER:		94549593

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 W TASMAN DR
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134-1703
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089439403

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		85 WEST TASMAN DRIVE
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134-1703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SILICON GENERAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	REDCOR CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19820720
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>BODY OF 1994 10-K
<TEXT>


                                 PART I

ITEM 1.   Business

     Symmetricom, Inc. (the "Company"), formerly Silicon General, Inc., 
was incorporated in California in 1956.  The Company conducts its 
business through two separate operations, Telecom Solutions and Linfinity 
Microelectronics Inc. (LMI).  Each operates in a different industry 
segment.  Telecom Solutions principally designs, manufactures and markets 
telecommunications equipment.  LMI principally designs, manufactures and 
markets linear and mixed signal integrated circuits.

Telecom Solutions

     Telecom Solutions products include telecommunications equipment that 
synchronizes digital telephone offices and networks, as well as the 
Integrated Digital Services Terminal (IDST) which provides transmission, 
monitoring and test access for signaling networks and enhanced 
intelligent digital services.

     Synchronization products consist principally of quartz and rubidium 
based Digital Clock Distributors (DCDs), which provide highly accurate 
and uninterruptible clocks that meet the synchronization requirements of 
digital networks.  Telecom Solutions has established itself as a leader 
in telephone digital network synchronization and has introduced a series 
of DCDs and related products.  These products provide the critical timing 
that permits telephone companies and private network operators to 
precisely synchronize such diverse telephone network elements as digital 
switches, digital cross-connect systems and multiplexers for customers 
who are dependent upon high quality data transmission.  

     Customer requirements for synchronization are changing as telephone 
companies are using new transmission technologies.  In response, Telecom 
Solutions developed a new platform, the DCD500 Series, which meets the 
evolving requirements for more accurate synchronization of networks such 
as the Synchronous Optical Network (SONET) and the Signaling System Seven 
(SS7) network.  The DCD500 Series provides new network management 
functionality and increased monitoring capabilities, and meets the 
international standards required for deployment in a Synchronous 
Digital Hierarchy network.  DCD500 Series products were first shipped in 
fiscal 1994.

     In addition, a platform was developed, the DCD Local Primary 
Reference (LPR), which provides the ability to cost effectively use 
Global Positioning System (GPS) and LOng RAnge Navigation (LORAN-C) 
satellite and land navigation services to provide direct Stratum 1 
traceable synchronization at offices equipped with DCD systems.  The 
DCD LPR was introduced in fiscal 1994.  Other new products have been 
developed to increase the functionality of Telecom Solutions existing 
products.  Also, a primary reference clock was designed as Telecom 
Solutions first Master Clock for telecommunications networks.

     Telecom Solutions synchronization systems are typically priced from 
$5,000 to $40,000.

     In the first quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company acquired Navstar 
Limited, a United Kingdom company, and its U.S. affiliate (collectively 
"Navstar").  Navstar develops and manufactures GPS receivers for the 
Company's internal use in its synchronization products and for use in the 
survey positioning and location markets.  Navstar products are typically 
priced from $300 to $10,000.

     The IDST is a network access system designed for use in telephone 
company central and end offices.  Customers deploy the IDST primarily 
as a transmission, monitoring and test access vehicle for SS7 networks, 
which provides maintenance personnel with flexible, centralized remote 
access to SS7 links for troubleshooting and performance verification.  
The IDST can also be deployed as an intelligent digital terminal, an 
intelligent network element providing connectivity between the transport 
network and customer-serving side of the network.  The IDST enhances the 
network with distributed digital cross-connect functionality and provides 
subrate, multipoint, test and surveillance capabilities to the subscriber 
loop.

     IDST systems are typically priced at less than $75,000 for a small 
system to more than $300,000 for a large system.

Linfinity Microelectronics Inc.

     During July 1993, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of 
the Company's Semiconductor Group were transferred to LMI, a newly-formed 
and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.  LMI products principally 
include linear and mixed signal, standard and custom integrated circuits 
(ICs) primarily for use in intelligent power management, motion control 
and signal conditioning applications in the commercial, industrial and 
defense and space markets.  LMI derives a substantial portion of its 
sales from power management products including pulse width modulators, 
linear voltage regulators, supervisory circuits and power factor 
correction ICs.  A significant portion of LMI sales is attributable to 
motion control ICs for the computer disk drive industry.  Signal 
conditioning ICs are a new product line for LMI.

     LMI manufactures linear and mixed signal ICs utilizing bipolar and 
bipolar complementary metal oxide silicon (BiCMOS) wafer fabrication 
processes.  LMI also sells ICs utilizing CMOS wafer fabrication 
processes.  LMIs new strategy is to develop more market driven standard 
products which are primarily used in computer and data storage, lighting, 
automotive, communications and test equipment, instrumentation and 
defense and space equipment.  LMI products are generally priced from 
$0.30 to $5.00 for commercial and industrial applications, $2.50 to 
$22.00 for defense applications and $200 to $500 for high reliability 
defense and space applications.

Industry Segment Data

     Information as to net sales, operating income or loss and 
identifiable assets attributable to each of the Company's two industry 
segments for each year in the three year period ended June 30, 1994, is 
contained in Note N of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
included in the Company's 1994 Annual Report (the "Annual Report"), which 
Note is incorporated herein by reference to Excerpts of the Annual 
Report.

Marketing

     In the United States, Telecom Solutions markets and sells most of 
its products through its own sales force to telephone and 
telecommunications companies.  Internationally, Telecom Solutions markets 
and sells its products through its own sales operation in the United 
Kingdom and independent sales representatives and distributors elsewhere.  
In the United States and internationally, LMI sells its products through 
its own sales force and independent sales representatives to original 
equipment manufacturers and distributors.

Licensing and Patents

     The Company has several United States patents and patent 
applications pending covering certain technology used by its Telecom 
Solutions and LMI operations.  In addition, both operations use 
technology licensed from others.  However, while the Company believes 
that its patents have value, the Company relies primarily on innovation, 
technological expertise and marketing competence to maintain its 
competitive advantage.  The Company intends to continue its efforts to 
obtain patents, whenever possible, but there can be no assurance that any 
patents obtained will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or 
that the rights granted will provide any commercial benefit to the 
Company.  Additionally, if any of the Company's processes or designs are 
identified as infringing upon patents held by others, there are no 
assurances that a license will be available or that the terms of 
obtaining any such license will be acceptable to the Company.

Manufacturing

     The Telecom Solutions manufacturing process consists primarily of 
in-house electrical assembly and test performed by the Company's wholly-
owned subsidiary in Aguada, Puerto Rico.

     The LMI manufacturing process consists primarily of bipolar and 
BiCMOS wafer fabrication, component assembly and final test.  Its 
integrated circuits are principally fabricated in the Company's wafer 
fabrication facility in Garden Grove, California.  However, LMI also 
utilizes outside services to perform certain operations during the 
fabrication process.  In addition, most of LMI integrated circuits 
utilizing CMOS wafer processes are currently manufactured by outside 
semiconductor foundries.  Component assembly and final test are performed 
in the Far East by independent subcontract manufacturers or in Garden 
Grove by employees.

     The Company primarily uses standard parts and components and 
standardsubcontract assembly and test, which are generally available from 
multiple sources.  The Company, to date, has not experienced any 
significant delays in obtaining needed standard parts, components and 
services from its suppliers but there can be no assurance that such 
problems will not develop in the future.  However, the Company maintains 
a reserve of certain single source components and seeks alternative 
suppliers where possible as the Company believes that a lack of 
availability of single source components would have an adverse effect on 
the Company's operating results.

Backlog

     The Company's backlog was approximately $18,000,000 at June 30, 
1994, compared to approximately $18,300,000 at June 30, 1993.  Backlog 
consists of orders which are expected to be shipped within the next 
twelve months.  However, the Company does not believe that current or 
future backlog levels are necessarily indicative of future operating 
results.  Historically, a substantial portion of Telecom Solutions net 
sales in any fiscal period have been derived from orders received during 
that period.  Furthermore, most orders in backlog can be rescheduled or 
canceled without significant penalty.  In addition to its dependence on 
the timing of the receipt of orders, backlog is dependent on the 
seasonality of telephone company capital spending and on the cyclical 
nature of customer demand, particularly for semiconductors.

Key Customers and Export Sales

     No customer accounted for 10% or more of net sales in fiscal years 
1994 or 1993.  One customer, principally a Telecom Solutions customer, 
AT&T, accounted for 14% of the Company's net sales in fiscal year 1992.  
Export sales, primarily to Western Europe, Canada and the Far East, 
accounted for 18%, 12% and 14% of the Company's net sales in fiscal 
years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

Competition

     The businesses in which the Company is engaged are highly 
competitive.  A number of the Company's competitors or potential 
competitors have been in operation for a much longer period of time than 
the Company, have greater financial, manufacturing, technical and 
marketing resources, and are able to or could offer much broader lines of 
products than are presently marketed by the Company.

     Telecom Solutions competes primarily on product reliability and 
performance, customer service and, to a lesser extent, price.  The 
Company believes that Telecom Solutions generally competes favorably with 
respect to these factors.

     LMI competes primarily on price, product reliability and 
performance, and customer service.  The Company believes that LMI 
generally competes favorably with respect to these factors.

     The Company's ability to compete successfully is dependent upon 
development or acquisition of new products, continued improvement of 
existing products, cost effectiveness and market acceptance of the 
Company's products.

Research and Development

     The Company has actively pursued the application of new technology 
in the industries in which it competes and has its own staff of engineers 
and technicians who are responsible for the design and development of new 
products.  In fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992, research and development 
expenditures were $11,454,000, $8,355,000, and $5,919,000, respectively.  
All research and development expenditures were expensed as incurred.  At 
June 30, 1994, 66 engineering and engineering support employees were 
engaged in development activities.  Telecom Solutions focused its 
development efforts in fiscal year 1994 on new synchronization platforms 
and related products.  New products which conform with the requirements 
of the SONET and SS7 network as well as the emerging international 
standards went into production during fiscal year 1994.  Telecom 
Solutions research and development expenditures were $7,821,000, 
$6,374,000 and $4,600,000 in fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992, 
respectively.  LMI focused its development efforts in fiscal year 1994 on 
improving its design capabilities and bipolar and BiCMOS process 
technologies, and new product development.  New products for use in 
power management, motion control and signal conditioning applications 
are currently in the development stage.  LMI research and development 
expenditures were $3,633,000, $1,981,000 and $1,319,000 in fiscal years 
1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  There can, of course, be no assurance 
that the Company will be able to continue to develop proprietary products 
which will be accepted in its markets.

Environmental Regulation

     The Company's operations are subject to numerous federal, state and 
local environmental regulations.  Failure to comply with such regulations 
could result in suspension or cessation of the Company's operations, 
could require significant capital expenditures, or could subject the 
Company to significant future liabilities.

Employees

     At June 30, 1994, the Company had 616 employees, including 377 in 
manufacturing, 92 in engineering and 147 in sales, marketing and 
administration.  At June 30, 1994, Telecom Solutions had 398 employees 
and LMI had 218 employees.  The Company believes that its future success 
is highly dependent on its ability to attract and retain highly qualified 
management, sales, marketing and technical personnel.  Accordingly, the 
Company maintains employee performance incentive and stock plans for 
certain of its employees.  No Company employees are represented by a 
labor union, and the Company has experienced no work stoppages.  The 
Company believes that its employee relations are good.

Operating Results and Stock Price Volatility

     Future operating results will largely depend upon the Company's 
ability to implement new technologies and develop and market new 
products, changes in product mix and manufacturing efficiencies.  Future 
Telecom Solutions operating results will continue to be highly dependent 
on receipt of orders during the applicable fiscal period.  Future LMI 
operating results will also be subject to the cyclical nature of the 
semiconductor industry.

     The Company's future earnings and stock price may be subject to 
significant volatility.  Any shortfall in sales or earnings from levels 
expected by securities analysts and investors could have an immediate and 
significant adverse effect on the trading price of the Company's common 
stock.

ITEM 2.  Properties

     The following are the principal facilities of the Company as of June 
30, 1994:

                                               Approximate    Owned/Lease
                        Principal              Floor Area      Expiration
Location                Operations              (Sq. Ft.)         Date
________                __________             ___________   ___________

San Jose, California    Corporate Offices,
                        and Telecom Solutions 
                        administration,
                        sales, engineering 
                        and manufacturing        47,000        July 1997

Aguada, Puerto Rico     Telecom Solutions 
                        manufacturing            22,000        September
                                                                2000

Aguada, Puerto Rico     Telecom Solutions
                        manufacturing            23,000        September
                                                                1999

Northampton,            Navstar administration,
England                 sales, engineering and
                        manufacturing            28,000         April
                                                                1999 

Guildford, Surrey,      Telecom Solutions
England                 sales and service         2,000         April
                                                                1995

Garden Grove,           LMI administration,
California              sales, engineering
                        and manufacturing        96,000         Owned

Garden Grove,           LMI wafer
California              fabrication               9,000         Owned


     The 96,000 square foot facility located in Garden Grove, California 
is subject to an encumbrance as described in Note F of the Notes to 
Consolidated Financial Statements which information is incorporated 
herein by reference to Excerpts of the Annual Report.  The Company 
believes that its current facilities are well maintained and generally 
adequate to meet short-term requirements.

ITEM 3.  Legal Proceedings

     On January 11, 1994, a securities class action complaint was filed 
in the United States District Court for the Northern District of 
California 
against the Company, three of its officers and two unaffiliated parties, 
by one of the Company's shareholders.  The complaint requests that the 
court certify a class of plaintiffs consisting of persons who purchased 
shares of the Company's common stock during a specified period in 1993.  
The complaint alleges that false and misleading statements made during 
that period artificially inflated the price of the common stock in 
violation of federal securities laws.  There is no specific amount of 
damages requested in the complaint.  The Company and its officers believe 
that the complaint is entirely without merit, and intend to vigorously 
defend against the action.  The Company is also a party to certain other 
claims which are normal in the course of its operations.  While the 
results of such claims cannot be 
predicted with certainty, management believes that the final outcome of 
such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
financial position or results of operations.


ITEM 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

     No matters were submitted to a vote of the security holders of the 
Company during the last quarter of the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.

Executive Officers of the Company

     Following is a list of the executive officers of the Company and 
brief summaries of their business experience.  All officers, including 
executive officers, are elected annually by the Board of Directors at 
its meeting following the annual meeting of shareholders.  The Company 
is not aware of any officer who was elected to the office pursuant to 
any arrangement or understanding with another person.

Name                        Age        Position

William D. Rasdal           61         Chairman of the Board and Chief
                                       Executive Officer

Paul N. Risinger            61         Vice Chairman and Assistant
                                       Secretary

J. Scott Kamsler            46         Vice President, Finance, Chief
                                       Financial Officer and Secretary

D. Ronald Duren             51         President and Chief Operating
                                       Officer, Telecom Solutions

Dale Pelletier              43         Vice President, Operations,
                                       Telecom Solutions

Brad P. Whitney             40         President and Chief Operating
                                       Officer, Linfinity 
Microelectronics 
                                       Inc.

     Mr. Rasdal has served as Chairman of the Board of the Company since 
July 1989 and as Chief Executive Officer since joining the Company in 
November 1985.  From November 1985 until July 1989, Mr. Rasdal was 
President and a Director of the Company.  From March 1980 until March 
1985, Mr. Rasdal was associated with Granger Associates, a manufacturer 
of telecommunications products.  His last position with Granger 
Associates was President and Chief Operating Officer.  From November 1972 
to January 1980, Mr. Rasdal was employed by Avantek as Vice President and 
Division Manager for Avantek's microwave integrated circuit and 
semiconductor operations.  For the thirteen years prior to joining 
Avantek, he was associated with TRW in various management positions.  His 
last position there was General Manager of TRW's Semiconductor Division.

     Mr. Risinger has served as Vice Chairman of the Company since August 
1990 and as a Director of the Company since March 1989.  From November 
1985, when Mr. Risinger joined the Company, until August 1990, he served 
as Executive Vice President, Advanced Marketing and Technology (AMAT).  
From April 1981 to May 1985, Mr. Risinger served as Executive Vice 
President, AMAT, for Granger Associates and was responsible for the 
development of new businesses for the Digital Signal Processing Division.  
For four years prior thereto, he served as Executive Vice President and 
Chief Operating Officer of the Safariland Companies, a manufacturer of 
equipment and accessories in the public safety field.  Prior to joining 
Safariland, Mr. Risinger was associated with TRW in various management 
roles in marketing, research and development, and general management for 
seventeen years.

     Mr. Kamsler has served as Vice President, Finance, Chief Financial 
Officer and Secretary since joining the Company in October 1989.  Mr. 
Kamsler has also served as a Director of DSP Technology Inc., a 
manufacturer of computer automated measurement and control 
instrumentation, 
since November 1988.  Prior to October 1989, Mr. Kamsler served as Vice 
President, Finance and Chief Financial Officer of Solitec, Inc. (January 
1984 to September 1989), a manufacturer of semiconductor production 
equipment, DSP Technology Inc. (April 1984 to September 1989), a former 
affiliate of Solitec and E-H International, Inc. (March 1982 to 
January 1984), a manufacturer of automatic test equipment, disk and tape 
drive controllers, and printed circuit boards.  From November 1977 until 
January 1982, Mr. Kamsler held various finance positions with Intel 
Corporation.

     Mr. Duren has served as President and Chief Operating Officer, 
Telecom Solutions since August 1990.  From August 1988 until August 1990, 
Mr. Duren served as Vice President, Sales, Telecom Solutions.  From July 
1986, when Mr. Duren joined the Company, until August 1988, he held the 
position of Director of Marketing and Sales, Telecom Solutions.  For 
three years prior to joining the Company, Mr. Duren served as Vice 
President, Telco Sales for Granger Associates.  Previously, Mr. Duren 
served in various management positions with AT&T for seventeen years.

     Mr. Pelletier has served as Vice President, Operations, Telecom 
Solutions since July 1993.  From July 1992 until July 1993, Mr. Pelletier 
served as General Manager, Synchronization Division, Telecom Solutions.  
From August 1990 until July 1992, he served as Synchronization Division 
Manager, Telecom Solutions.  From August 1989 until August 1990, Mr. 
Pelletier served as Operations Manager, Telecom and Analog Solutions 
Divisions.  From August 1986, when Mr. Pelletier joined the Company, 
until August 1989, he held the position of Manufacturing Manager, Telecom 
Solutions.  Previously, Mr. Pelletier served in various finance and 
manufacturing positions for nine years with several manufacturing 
companies.

     Mr. Whitney joined the Company in November 1992 as President and 
Chief Operating Officer for Linfinity Microelectronics Inc. and has 
served in such capacity since that date.  He joined the Company after 
twelve years with Texas Instruments (TI), a semiconductor company.  
From November 1990 to November 1992, Mr. Whitney was the Standard Linear 
Products Manager, Semiconductor Group at TI.  From December 1985 to 
November 1990, Mr. Whitney was the Op Amps Product Manager, Semiconductor 
Group.  From November 1983 through November 1985, Mr. Whitney held 
various 
positions within the Voltage Regulator Product Group at TI.  For the 
three 
years prior to working in the Semiconductor Group, Mr. Whitney was 
associated with the Consumer Products Group.  His last position in this 
Group was as IC Development Manager, Home Computer Division.  Prior to 
joining TI, Mr. Whitney was an Engineering Supervisor and Instructor for 
the University of Southwestern Louisiana Departments of Computer Science 
and Electrical Engineering.



                                  PART II

ITEM 5.  Market for the Registrant's Common Stock and Related Stockholder 
         Matters

     The information set forth under the caption "Quarterly Results and 
Stock Market Data (unaudited)" is incorporated herein by reference to 
Excerpts of the Annual Report.

ITEM 6.  Selected Financial Data

     The information set forth under the captions "Financial Highlights," 
"Five Year Selected Financial Data" and the fourth sentence of footnote B 
to the information set forth under the caption "Quarterly Results and 
Stock Market Data (unaudited)" is incorporated herein by reference to 
Excerpts of the Annual Report.

ITEM 7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition 
         and Results of Operations

     The information set forth under the caption "Management's Discussion 
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" is 
incorporated herein by reference to Excerpts of the Annual Report.

ITEM 8.  Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

     The Consolidated Financial Statements, together with the report 
thereon of Deloitte & Touche LLP dated July 28, 1994, are incorporated 
herein by reference to Excerpts of the Annual Report.

ITEM 9.  Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and 
         Financial Disclosure

     Not applicable.



                                  PART III

ITEM 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

     Information regarding directors appearing under the caption 
"Proposal No. One - Election of Directors--Nominees" on pages 2 and 3 of 
the Company's Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
filed with the Commission on September 16, 1994, (the "Proxy Statement") 
is incorporated herein by reference.

     Information regarding executive officers is incorporated herein by 
reference from Part I hereof under the heading "Executive Officers of the 
Company" immediately following Item 4 in Part I hereof.  Information 
regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended, is incorporated herein by reference from the first 
paragraph of the section entitled "Other Information--Compliance with 
Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934" appearing on page 7 of 
the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 11.  Executive Compensation

     Incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement under the 
captions "Proposal No. One - Election of Directors--Nominees" on pages 2 
and 3, "Executive Officer Compensation" on pages 9, 10 and 11, "Proposal 
No. One - Election of Directors--Director Compensation" on page 4 and 
"Certain Transactions" on pages 11 and 12.

ITEM 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management

     Incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement under the 
caption "Other Information--Share Ownership by Principal Shareholders 
and Management" on page 7.

ITEM 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

     Incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement under the 
caption "Certain Transactions" on pages 11 and 12.



                                PART IV

ITEM 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports on Form 8-K

  (a) Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules

      The following documents are filed as part of this report:

        1.   Financial Statements*:

             Consolidated Balance Sheets at June 30, 1994 and 1993
             Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended 
             June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
             Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the 
             years ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
             Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years 
             ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
             Independent Auditors' Report

*  Incorporated herein by reference to Excerpts of the Company's 1994 
Annual Report

        2.   Financial Statement Schedules:

             Independent Auditors' Report
             For the three fiscal years ended June 30, 1994
               II   Amounts Receivable from Related Parties and 
                     Underwriters, Promoters and Employees other than 
                     Related Parties
               V    Property, Plant and Equipment
               VI   Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization of 
                     Property, Plant and Equipment
               VIII Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves

     All other schedules have been omitted because they are not 
applicable, not required, or the required information is included in 
the Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto.

        3.   Exhibits:

             See Item 14(c) below.

  (b) Reports on Form 8-K

             No reports on Form 8-K were filed during the last quarter of 
             the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.

  (c) Exhibits
             The exhibits listed on the accompanying index immediately 
             following the signature page are filed as a part of this 
             report.

  (d) Financial Statement Schedules

             See Item 14(a) above.




                       INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT





The Board of Directors and Shareholders 
Symmetricom, Inc.

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of 
Symmetricom, 
Inc., formerly Silicon General, Inc., and subsidiaries as of June 30, 
1994 and 1993, and for each of the three years in the period ended June 
30, 1994, and have issued our report thereon dated July 28, 1994; such 
financial statements and report are included in your 1994 Annual Report 
to Shareholders and are incorporated herein by reference.  Our audits 
also included the financial statement schedules of Symmetricom, Inc. and 
subsidiaries listed in Item 14(a)2.  These financial statement schedules 
are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our responsibility 
is to express an opinion based on our audits.  In our opinion, such 
financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the basic 
consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly in all 
material respects the information set forth therein.





DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Jose, California
July 28, 1994

                                                               SCHEDULE 
II


                               SYMMETRICOM, INC.
                               _________________

                    AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES 
                   AND UNDERWRITERS, PROMOTERS AND EMPLOYEES
                          OTHER THAN RELATED PARTIES
                                (In thousands)

                      Balance
                         at
Name of Debtor       Beginning               Amounts
                      of Year   Additions  Collected  Current  Noncurrent
______________       _________  _________  _________  _______  __________

Year ended June 30, 1994:

Brad P. Whitney (1)   $ 95        $ --       $  --     $ --       $ 95
Brad P. Whitney (2)   $ 10        $  4       $  --     $ 14       $ --


Year ended June 30, 1993:

Brad P. Whitney (1)   $ --        $ 95       $  --     $ --       $ 95
Brad P. Whitney (2)   $ --        $ 10       $  --     $ 10       $ --


(1)  Unsecured loan bearing interest at the rate of 5.34% per annum, due 
     April 1998.  The Company collected $71,570 in August 1994.
(2)  Short-term advance collected by the Company in August 1994.

                                                               SCHEDULE V


                                  SYMMETRICOM, INC.
                                  _________________

                             PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                     (In thousands)

                               Balance 
                                  at                              Balance
                              Beginning    Additions   Retire-     at End
                              of Year      at Cost    ments       of Year
                              _________    _________   ________  ________

Year ended June 30, 1994:
   Land                       $  1,247    $     --    $     --   $  1,247
   Buildings                     8,938         109       1,056      7,991
   Machinery and equipment      26,928       3,650       4,126     26,452
   Leasehold improvements        2,051         219           2      2,268
                              ________    ________    ________   ________
                              $ 39,164    $  3,978    $  5,184   $ 37,958
                              ========    ========    ========   ========


Year ended June 30, 1993:
   Land                       $  1,247    $    --     $    --    $  1,247
   Buildings                     8,454         563          79      8,938
   Machinery and equipment      27,039       3,820       3,931     26,928
   Leasehold improvements        1,861         190         --       2,051
                              ________    ________    ________   ________
                              $ 38,601    $  4,573    $  4,010   $ 39,164
                              ========    ========    ========   ========

Year ended June 30, 1992:     $  1,247    $    --     $     --   $  1,247
   Buildings                     8,454         --           --      8,454
   Machinery and equipment      28,385       1,628       2,974     27,039
   Leasehold improvements        1,620         267          26      1,861
                              ________    ________    ________   ________
                              $ 39,706    $  1,895    $  3,000   $ 38,601
                              ========    ========    ========   ========






                                                              SCHEDULE VI

                                  SYMMETRICOM, INC.
                                  _________________

                   ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION OF
                         PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                   (In thousands)


                                           Additions
                                Balance     Charged
                                   at       to Cost               Balance
                               Beginning      and      Retire-    at End
                                of Year     Expenses   ments      of Year
                               _________   _________   ________  ________

Year ended June 30, 1994:
   Buildings                    $  2,430    $    297   $    451  $  2,276
   Machinery and equipment        19,490       4,356      4,673    19,173
   Leasehold improvements          1,302         279          2     1,579
                                ________    ________   ________  ________
                                $ 23,222    $  4,932   $  5,126  $ 23,028
                                ========    ========   ========  ========


Year ended June 30, 1993:
   Buildings                    $  2,202    $    307   $     79  $  2,430
   Machinery and equipment        19,449       3,972      3,931    19,490
   Leasehold improvements          1,035         267         --     1,302
                                ________    ________   ________  ________
                                $ 22,686    $  4,546   $  4,010  $ 23,222
                                ========    ========   ========  ========


Year ended June 30, 1992:
   Buildings                    $  1,921    $    281   $     --  $  2,202
   Machinery and equipment        19,214       3,188      2,953    19,449
   Leasehold improvements            809         238         12     1,035
                                ________    ________   ________  ________
                                $ 21,944    $  3,707   $  2,965  $ 22,686
                                ========    ========   ========  ========


                                               1994      1993      1992
                                               ____      ____      ____

Depreciation and amortization of property, 
plant and equipment charged to costs and 
expenses (as shown above)                   $  4,932  $  4,546  $  3,707
Amortization of other assets                     857       399       234
                                            ________  ________  ________

Total depreciation and amortization for 
the years as shown in the Consolidated 
Statements of Cash Flows                    $  5,789  $  4,945  $  3,941
                                            ========  ========  ========


                                                          SCHEDULE VIII


                                  SYMMETRICOM, INC.
                                  _________________

                  VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                                  (In thousands)

                                             Charges
                                  Balance   (Credits)
                                     at      to Costs             Balance
                               Beginning    and       Deductions   at End
                                of Year    Expenses      (1)      of Year
                               _________  _________   __________ ________

Year ended June 30, 1994:
Accrued warranty expense       $ 2,136    $   386     $   451    $  2,071
Allowance for doubtful accounts$   114    $   155     $    27    $    242


Year ended June 30, 1993:
Accrued warranty expense       $ 1,047    $  1,646    $   557    $  2,136
Allowance for doubtful accounts$   109    $      8    $     3    $    114


Year ended June 30, 1992:
Accrued warranty expense       $   632    $  1,221    $   806    $  1,047
Allowance for doubtful accounts$   211    $    (41)        61    $    109







(1)  Deductions represent amounts written off against the reserve or 
allowance.

                               SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this 
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly 
authorized.

                                                     SYMMETRICOM, INC.

Date:  September 19, 1994                  By:     /s/ J. Scott Kamsler
                                                
__________________________
                                                    (J. Scott Kamsler)
                                              Vice President, Finance and 
                                                  Chief Financial Officer
                                                (Principal Financial and 
                                                     Accounting Officer)

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of 
the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature                          Title                      Date


/s/  William D. Rasdal      Chairman of the Board and
                            Chief Executive Officer 
______________________   (Principal Executive Officer) September 19, 1994
(William D. Rasdal)




/s/  J. Scott Kamsler     Vice President, Finance and 
                            Chief Financial Officer 
_____________________        (Principal Financial 
(J. Scott Kamsler)        and Accounting Officer)      September 19, 1994




/s/  Howard Anderson    Director                       September 19, 1994
____________________
(Howard Anderson)




/s/  Paul N. Risinger   Director                       September 19, 1994
_____________________
(Paul N. Risinger)




/s/  Robert M. Wolfe    Director                       September 19, 1994
____________________
(Robert M. Wolfe)

     Exhibit
     Number                 Index of Exhibits

      3.1(1)     Restated Articles of Incorporation.

      3.2(2)     Certificate of Amendment to Restated Articles of 
                 Incorporation filed December 11, 1990.

      3.3        Certificate of Amendment to Restated Articles of
                 Incorporation filed October 27, 1993.

      3.4        By-Laws, as amended July 21, 1993.

      4.1(3)     Common Shares Rights Agreement dated December 6, 1990, 
                 between Silicon General, Inc. and Manufacturers Hanover 
                Trust Company of California, including the form of Rights 
                 Certificate and the  Summary of Rights attached thereto 
                 as Exhibits A and B, respectively.

      4.2(4)     Amendment to the Common Shares Rights Agreement dated 
                 February 5, 1993 between Silicon General, Inc. and 
                 Chemical Trust Company of California, formerly 
                 Manufacturers Hanover Trust Company of California, 
                 including the form of Rights Certificate and the 
                 Summary of Rights attached thereto as Exhibits A and 
                 B, respectively.

     10.1(5)     Amended and Restated Employees' Stock Option Plan 
                 (1980), with form of Stock Option Agreement (1980 
                 Plan).

     10.2(5)     Amended and Restated Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan 
                 (1982), with form of Employee Non-Qualified Stock 
                 Option (1982 Plan).

     10.3(5)     Amended and Restated Employee Stock Option Plan 
                 (1983), with form of Stock Option Under Incentive 
                 Stock Option Plan 1983.

     10.4(5)     1990 Director Option Plan, with form of Director 
                 Option Agreement.

     10.5(5)     1990 Employee Stock Plan, with forms of Stock Option 
                 Agreement, Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement, 
                 Tandem Stock Option/SAR Agreement, and Stock 
                 Appreciation Right Agreement.

     10.6(2)     Loan Agreements between the Company and the John 
                 Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Company, dated October 
                 18, 1990, including exhibits thereto.

     10.7(6)     Lease Agreement by and between the Company and Menlo 
                 Tasman Investment Company dated June 16, 1986, and 
                 Amendment to Lease dated March 27, 1987.

     10.8(7)     Lease Agreement by and between Zeltex Puerto Rico, 
                 Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, and Puerto Rico 
                 Industrial Development Company dated June 29, 1984. 

    10.9(2)      Lease Agreement by and between Zeltex Puerto Rico, 
                 Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, and Puerto Rico 
                 Industrial Development Company dated January 22, 
                 1991.

    10.10        Lease Agreement by and between Telecom Solutions Puerto 
                 Rico, Inc., a subsidiary of the Company, and Puerto
                 Rico Industrial Development dated August 9, 1994.

    10.11        Lease Agreement by and between Navstar Systems Limited,
                 a subsidiary of the Company, and Baker Hughes Limited
                 dated April 22, 1994.

    10.12        Revolving Credit Loan Agreement between the Company and
                 Comerica Bank-Detroit dated December 1, 1993.

    10.13(8)     Form of Indemnification Agreement.

    10.14(10)    Linfinity Microelectronics Inc. Common Stock and 
                 Series A Preferred Stock Purchase Agreement dated 
                 June 28, 1993.

    10.15(10)    Tax Sharing Agreement between Linfinity 
                 Microelectronics Inc. and the Company dated June 28, 
                 1993.

    10.16(10)    Intercompany Services Agreement between Linfinity 
                 Microelectronics Inc. and the Company dated June 28, 
                 1993. 

    10.17(10)    Linfinity Microelectronics Inc. 1993 Stock Option 
                 Plan with form of Stock Option Agreement.

    10.18(10)    Linfinity Microelectronics Inc. Form of 
                 Indemnification Agreement.

    10.19(10)    Employment offer letter by and between the Company 
                 and Brad P. Whitney, President and Chief Operating 
                 Officer, Linfinity Microelectronics Inc. dated 
                 November 20, 1992.

    10.20(9)     Agreement for Sale and Purchase of the Navstar 
                 Business of Radley Services Limited.

    10.21(9)     Agreement for the Sale and Purchase of Certain Assets 
                 of Navstar Electronics, Inc.

    13.1         Symmetricom, Inc. Excerpts of the 1994 Annual Report.

    21.1         Subsidiaries of the Company.

    23.1         Independent Auditors' Consent.



Footnotes to Exhibits



      (1)       Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to Annual 
                Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 2, 
                1989.

      (2)       Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to Annual 
                Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 
                1991.

      (3)       Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to 
                Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the 
                Securities and Exchange Commission on December 8, 
                1990.

      (4)       Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to 
                Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the 
                Securities and Exchange Commission on February 11, 
                1993.

      (5)       Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to 
                Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the 
                Securities and Exchange Commission on December 24, 
                1990.

      (6)       Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to Annual 
                Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 28, 
                1987.

      (7)       Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to Annual 
                Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 
                1990.

      (8)       Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to the 1990 
                Proxy Statement.

      (9)       Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to Current Report 
                on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange 
                Commission on September 2, 1993.

      (10)      Incorporated by reference from Exhibits to Annual Report
                on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30, 1993.
 



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.3
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.3 AMENDED ARTICLES
<TEXT>




CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
OF ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF
SILICON GENERAL, INC.

	William D. Rasdal and J. Scott Kamsler certify that:
	1.	They are the Chairman of the Board and Secretary, 
respectively, of Silicon General, Inc., a California corporation.
	2.	Article 1 of the Articles of Incorporation of this 
corporation is amended to read in full as follows:
	"(1)  The name of this corporation is Symmetricom, Inc."

	3.	The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has 
been duly approved by the Board of Directors.
	4.	The foregoing amendment of Articles of Incorporation has 
been duly approved by the required vote of shareholders in 
accordance with Section 902 of the California Corporations Code. The 
total number of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the corpora-
tion entitled to vote with respect to this matter is 13,841,870.  
The number of shares voting in favor of the amendment equaled or 
exceeded the vote required.  The percentage vote required was more 
than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock.
	We further declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of 
the State of California that the matters set forth in this 
certificate are true and correct of our own knowledge.
	Date:  October 21, 1993



							                               
William D. Rasdal, Chairman of
							the Board


							                               
J. Scott Kamsler, Secretary

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.4
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 3.4 AMENDED BYLAWS
<TEXT>



BYLAWS

OF

SYMMETRICOM, INC.
(a California corporation)



    ARTICLE I

OFFICES;

	    Section 1.	PRINCIPAL OFFICES;.  The board of directors 
shall fix the location of the principal executive office of the 
corpora-tion at any place within or outside the State of 
California.  If the principal executive office is located outside 
this state, and the corporation has one or more business offices 
in this state, the board of directors shall fix and designate a 
principal business office in the State of California.

	    Section 2.	OTHER OFFICES;.  The board of directors or 
officers of the corporation may at any time establish branch or 
subordinate offices at any place or places wherein such board or 
officers shall deem advisable.


    ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS;

	    Section 1.	PLACE OF MEETINGS;.  Meetings of 
shareholders shall be held at any place within or outside of the 
State of California designated by the board of directors.  In the 
absence of any such designation, shareholders' meetings shall be 
held at the principal executive office of the corporation.

	    Section 2.	ANNUAL MEETING;.  The annual meeting of 
share-holders shall be held each year on the date and at a time 
designated by the board of directors.  In the absence of such 
designation, the annual meeting of shareholders shall be held on 
the third Thursday of October in each year at 10:00 a.m. However, 
if such day falls on a legal holiday, then the meeting shall be 
held at the same time and place on the next succeeding full 
business day.  At each annual meeting directors shall be elected, 
and any other proper business may be transacted.

	    Section 3.	SPECIAL MEETING;.  A special meeting of 
share-holders may be called at any time by the board of directors, 
or by the chairman of the board, or by the president, or by one or 
more shareholders holding shares in the aggregate entitled to cast 
not less than 10% of the votes at that meeting.

	If a special meeting is called by any person or persons other 
than the board of directors or the president or the chairman of 
the board, then, the request shall be in writing, specifying the 
time of such meeting and the general nature of the business 
proposed to be transacted, and shall be delivered personally or 
sent by regis-tered mail or by telegraphic or other facsimile 
transmission to the chairman of the board, the president, any vice 
president, or the secretary of the corporation.  The officer 
receiving the request shall cause notice to be promptly given to 
the shareholders enti-tled to vote, in accordance with the 
provisions of Sections 4 and 5 of this Article II, that a meeting 
will be held at the time requested by the person or persons 
calling the meeting, so long as that time is not less than thirty-
five (35) nor more than sixty (60) days after the receipt of the 
request.  If the notice is not given within twenty (20) days after 
receipt of the request, the person or persons requesting the 
meeting may give the notice. Nothing contained in this paragraph 
of this Section 3 shall be construed as limiting, fixing or 
affecting the time when a meeting of shareholders called by action 
of the board of directors may be held.

	    Section 4.	NOTICE OF SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING;.  All 
notices of meetings of shareholders shall be sent or otherwise 
given in accordance with Section 5 of this Article II not less 
than ten (10) (or, if sent by third-class mail pursuant to 
Section 5 of this Article II, thirty (30)) nor more than sixty 
(60) days before the date of the meeting.  The notice shall 
specify the place, date and hour of the meeting and (i) in the 
case of a special meeting, the general nature of the business to 
be transacted (no business other than that specified in the notice 
may be transacted), or (ii) in the case of the annual meeting, 
those matters which the board of directors, at the time of giving 
the notice, intends to present for action by the share-holders (but 
subject to the provisions of the following paragraph of this 
Section 4 of Article II, any proper matter may be presented at the 
meeting for such action).  The notice of any meeting at which 
directors are to be elected shall include the name of any nominee 
or nominees whom, at the time of the notice, management intends to 
present for election.

	If action is proposed to be taken at any meeting for approval 
of (i) a contract or transaction in which a director has a direct 
or indirect financial interest, pursuant to Section 310 of the 
Corporations Code of California, (ii) an amendment to the articles 
of incorporation, pursuant to Section 902 of that Code, (iii) a 
reorganization of the corporation, pursuant to Section 1201 of 
that Code, (iv) a voluntary dissolution of the corporation, 
pursuant to Section 1900 of that Code, or (v) a distribution in 
dissolution other than in accordance with the rights of 
outstanding preferred

shares, pursuant to Section 2007 of that Code, the notice shall 
also state the general nature of that proposal.

	    Section 5.	MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF 
NOTICE;. Written notice of any meeting of shareholders given shall 
be given either (i) personally or (ii) by first-class mail or 
(iii) by third-class mail but only if the corporation has 
outstanding shares held of record by five hundred (500) or more 
persons (determined as provided in Section 605 of the Code) on the 
record date for the shareholders' meeting, or (iv) telegraphic or 
other written com-muni-cation.  Notices not personally delivered 
shall be sent charges prepaid, addressed to the shareholder at the 
address of that share-holder appearing on the books of the corpora-
tion or given by the shareholder to the corporation for the 
purpose of notice.  If no such address appears on the 
corporation's books or is given, notice shall be deemed to have 
been given if sent to that share-holder by mail or telegraphic or 
other written communication to the corporation's principal execu-
tive office, or if published at least once in a newspaper of 
general circulation in the county where that office is located.  
Notice shall be deemed to have been given at the time when 
delivered personally or deposited in the mail or sent by telegram 
or other means of written communication.

	If any notice addressed to a shareholder at the address of 
that shareholder appearing on the books of the corporation is 
returned to the corporation by the United States Postal Service 
marked to indicate that the United States Postal Service is unable 
to deliver the notice to the shareholder at that address, all 
future notices or reports shall be deemed to have been duly given 
without further mailing if these shall be available to the 
shareholder on written demand of the shareholder at the principal 
executive office of the corporation for a period of one year from 
the date of the giving of the notice.

	An affidavit of mailing or other means of giving any notice 
of any shareholders' meeting shall be executed by the secretary, 
assistant secretary, or any transfer agent of the corporation 
giving the notice, and shall be filed and maintained in the minute 
book of the corporation, and shall be prima facie evidence of the 
giving of such notice.

	    Section 6.	QUORUM;.  The presence in person or by 
proxy of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote 
at any meeting of shareholders shall constitute a quorum for the 
trans-action of business.  The shareholders present at a duly 
called or held meeting at which a quorum is present may continue 
to do business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal 
of enough shareholders to leave less than a quorum, if any action 
taken (other than adjournment) is approved by at least a majority 
of the shares required to constitute a quorum.

	    Section 7.	ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE;.  Any 
shareholders' meeting, annual or special, whether or not a quorum 
is present, may be adjourned from time to time by the vote of the 
majority of the shares represented at that meeting, either in 
person or by proxy, but in the absence of a quorum, no other 
business may be transacted at that meeting, except as provided in 
Section 6 of this Article II.

	When any meeting of shareholders, either annual or special, 
is adjourned to another time or place, notice need not be given of 
the adjourned meeting if the time and place are announced at a 
meeting at which the adjournment is taken, unless a new record 
date for the adjourned meeting is fixed, or unless the adjournment 
is for more than forty-five (45) days from the date set for the 
original meeting, in which case the board of directors shall set a 
new record date.  Notice of any such adjourned meeting shall be 
given to each shareholder of record entitled to vote at the 
adjourned meeting in accordance with the provisions of Sections 4 
and 5 of this Article II.  At any adjourned meeting the 
corporation may transact any business which might have been 
transacted at the original meeting.

	    Section 8.	VOTING;.  The shareholders entitled to vote 
at any meeting of shareholders shall be determined in accordance 
with the provisions of Section 11 of this Article II, subject to 
the provi-sions of Sections 702 to 704, inclusive of the 
Corporations Code of California (relating to voting shares held by 
a fiduciary, in the name of a corporation, or in joint ownership).  
The shareholders' vote may be by voice vote or by ballot; 
provided, however, that any election for directors must be by 
ballot if demanded by any share-holder before the voting has begun.  
Except as provided in the last paragraph of this Section 8, or as 
may be otherwise provided in the articles of incorporation, each 
outstanding share, regardless of class, shall be entitled to one 
vote on each matter submitted to a vote of the shareholders.  On 
any matter other than elections of directors, any shareholder may 
vote part of the shares in favor of the proposal and refrain from 
voting the remaining shares or vote them against the proposal, 
but, if the shareholder fails to specify the number of shares 
which the shareholder is voting affirmatively, it will be 
conclusively presumed that the shareholder's approving vote is 
with respect to all shares that the shareholder is entitled to 
vote.  If a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of the 
majority of the shares represented at the meeting and voting on 
any matter (other than the election of directors) shall be the act 
of the shareholders, unless the vote of a greater number or voting 
by classes or cumulative voting is required by California General 
Corporation Law or by the articles of incorporation or by these 
bylaws.

	At a shareholders' meeting at which directors are to be 
elected, no shareholder shall be entitled to cumulate votes (i.e., 
cast for any one or more candidates a number of votes greater than 
the number of the shareholder's shares) unless the candidates' 
names have been placed in nomination prior to commencement of the 
voting and a shareholder has given notice prior to commencement of 
the voting of the shareholder's intention to cumulate votes.  If 
any shareholder has given such a notice, then every shareholder 
entitled to vote may cumulate votes for candidates in nomination 
and give one candidate a number of votes equal to the number of 
directors to be elected multiplied by the number of votes to which 
that shareholder's shares are entitled, or distribute the share-
holder's votes on the same principle among any or all of the 
candidates, as the shareholder thinks fit.  The candidates 
receiving the highest number of votes, up to the number of 
directors to be elected, shall be elected; votes against any 
candidate and votes withheld shall have no legal effect.

	    Section 9.	WAIVER OF NOTICE OR CONSENT BY ABSENT 
SHARE-HOLDERS;.  The transactions of any meeting of shareholders, 
either annual or special, however called and noticed, and wherever 
held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly held after 
regular call and notice, if a quorum be present either in person 
or by proxy, and if, either before or after the meeting, each 
person entitled to vote, who was not present in person or by 
proxy, signs a written waiver of notice or a consent to a holding 
of the meeting, or an approval of the minutes.  The waiver of 
notice or consent need not specify either the business to be 
transacted or the purpose of any annual or special meeting of the 
shareholders, except that if action is taken or proposed to be 
taken for approval of any of those matters specified in the second 
paragraph of Sec-tion 4 of this Article II, the waiver of notice or 
consent shall state the general nature of the proposal.  All such 
waivers, consent, or approvals shall be filed with the corporate 
records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting.

	Attendance by a person at a meeting shall also constitute a 
waiver of notice of that meeting, except when the person objects, 
at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any busi-
ness because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened, and 
except that attendance at a meeting is not a waiver of any right 
to object to the consideration of matters not included in the 
notice of the meeting if that objection is expressly made at the 
meeting.

	    Section 10.	SHAREHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT 
WITHOUT A MEETING;.  Any action which may be taken at any annual 
or special meting of shareholders may be taken without a meeting 
and without prior notice, if a consent in writing, setting forth 
the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding 
shares having not less than the minimum number of votes that would 
be necessary to

authorize or take that action at a meeting at which all shares 
entitled to vote on that action were present and voted.  In the 
case of election of directors, such a consent shall be effective 
only if signed by the holders of all outstanding shares entitled 
to vote for the election of directors; provided, however, that a 
director may be elected at any time to fill a vacancy on the board 
of directors (provided that the vacancy was not created by removal 
of a director and that it has not been filled by the directors) by 
a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote for the 
election of directors.  All such consents shall be filed with the 
secretary of the corpora-tion and shall be maintained in the corpo-
rate records.  Any share-holder giving a written consent, or the 
shareholders' proxy holders, or a transferee of the shares or a 
personal representative of the shareholder or their respective 
proxy holders, may revoke the consent by a writing received by the 
secretary of the corpora-tion before written consents of the number 
of shares required to authorize the proposed action have been 
filed with the secretary.

	If the consents of all shareholders entitled to vote have not 
been solicited in writing, and if the unanimous written consent of 
all such shareholders shall not have been received, the secretary 
shall give prompt notice of the corporate action approved by the 
shareholders without a meeting.  This notice shall be given to 
those shareholders entitled to vote who have not consented in 
writing and shall be given in the manner specified in Section 5 of 
this Article II.  In the case of approval of (i) contracts or 
trans-actions in which a director has a direct or indirect 
financial interest, pursuant to Section 310 of the Corporations 
Code of California, (ii) indemnification of agents of the 
corporation, pursuant to Section 317 of that Code, (iii) a 
reorganization of the corporation, pursuant to Section 1201 of 
that Code, and (iv) a distribution in dissolution other than in 
accor-dance with the rights of outstanding preferred shares, 
pursuant to Section 2007 of that Code, the notice shall be given 
at least ten (10) days before the consummation of any action 
authorized by that approval.

	    Section 11.	RECORD DATE FOR SHAREHOLDER NOTICE, VOTING, 
AND GIVING CONSENTS;.  For purposes of determining the 
shareholders entitled to notice of any meeting or to vote or 
entitled to give consent to corporate action without a meeting, 
the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which 
shall not be more than sixty (60) days nor less than ten (10) days 
before the date of any such meeting nor more than sixty (60) days 
before any such action without a meeting, and in this event only 
shareholders of record on the date so fixed are entitled to notice 
and to vote or to give consents, as the case may be, 
notwithstanding any transfer of any shares on the books of the 
corporation after the record date, except as otherwise provided in 
the California General Corporation Law.

	If the board of directors does not so fix a record date:

		(a)	The record date for determining shareholders 
enti-tled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of shareholders 
shall be at the close of business on the business day next 
preceding the day on which notice is given or, if notice is 
waived, at the close of business on the business day next 
preceding the day on which the meeting is held.

		(b)	The record date for determining shareholders 
enti-tled to give consent to corporate action in writing without a 
meeting, (i) when no prior action by the board has been taken, 
shall be the day on which the first written consent is given, or 
(ii) when prior action of the board has been taken, shall be at 
the close of business on the day on which the board adopts the 
reso-lu-tion relating to that action, or the sixtieth (60th) day 
before the date of such other action, whichever is later.

	The record date for any other purpose shall be as provided in 
Article VIII of these bylaws.

	    Section 12.	PROXIES;.  Every person entitled to vote 
for directors or on any other matter shall have the right to do so 
either in person or by one or more agents authorized by a written 
proxy signed by the person and filed with the secretary of the 
corporation.  A proxy shall be deemed signed if the shareholder's 
name is placed on the proxy (whether by manual signature, type-
writing, telegraphic transmission, or otherwise) by the share-
holder or the shareholder's attorney in fact.  A validly executed 
proxy which does not state that it is irrevocable shall continue 
in full force and effect unless (i) revoked by the person 
executing it, before the vote pursuant to that proxy, by a writing 
delivered to the corporation stating that the proxy is revoked, or 
by a subse-quent proxy executed by, or attendance at the meeting 
and voting in person by, the person executing the proxy; or 
(ii) written notice of the death or incapacity of the maker of 
that proxy is received by the corporation before the vote pursuant 
to that proxy is counted; provided, however, that no proxy shall 
be valid after the expiration of eleven (11) months from the date 
of the proxy, unless otherwise provided in the proxy.  The dates 
contained on the forms of proxy presumptively determine the order 
of execution, regardless of the postmark dates on the envelopes in 
which they are mailed. The revocability of a proxy that states on 
its face that it is irrevocable shall be governed by the 
provisions of Sections 705(e) and 705(f) of the Corporations Code 
of California.

	    Section 13.	INSPECTORS OF ELECTION;.  Before any 
meeting of shareholders, the board of directors may appoint any 
person or persons other than nominees for office to act as an 
inspector or inspectors of election at the meeting or its 
adjournment.  If no inspectors of election are so appointed, the 
chairman of the meet-ing may, and on the request of any shareholder 
or a share-holder's proxy shall, appoint inspectors of election at 
the meeting.  The number of inspectors shall be either one (1) or 
three (3).  If inspectors are appointed at a meeting on the 
request of one or more shareholders or proxies, the holders of a 
majority of shares or their proxies present at the meeting shall 
determine whether one (1) or three (3) inspectors are to be 
appointed. If any person appointed as inspector fails to appear or 
fails or refuses to act, the chairman of the meeting may, and upon 
the request of any shareholder or a shareholder's proxy shall, 
appoint a person to fill that vacancy.

	These inspectors shall:

		(a)	Determine the number of shares outstanding and 
the voting power of each, the shares represented at the meeting, 
the existence of a quorum, and the authenticity, validity, and 
effect of proxies;

		(b)	Receive votes, ballots or consents;

		(c)	Hear and determine all challenges and questions 
in any way arising in connection with the right to vote;

		(d)	Count and tabulate all votes or consents;

		(e)	Determine when the polls shall close;

		(f)	Determine the result; and

		(g)	Do any other acts that may be proper to conduct 
the election or vote with fairness to all shareholders.


    ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS;

	    Section 1.	POWERS;.  Subject to the provisions of the 
California General Corporation Law and any limitations in the 
articles of incorporation and these bylaws relating to the action 
required to be approved by the shareholders or by the outstanding 
shares, the business and affairs of the corporation shall be 
managed and all corporate powers shall be exercised by or under 
the direction of the board of directors.

	    Section 2.	NUMBER OF DIRECTORS;.

		(a)	The number of directors shall be not less than a 
minimum of three nor more than a maximum of five.  After adoption 
or amendment of this bylaw by the shareholders, the exact number 
of directors shall be fixed, within the limits specified in this 
bylaw, by the following bylaw which may be amended from time to 
time by the Board of Directors.  The indefinite number of 
directors may be changed, or a definite number may be fixed 
without provision for an indefinite number, by a duly adopted 
amendment to the articles of incorporation or by an amendment to 
this bylaw duly adopted by the vote or written consent of holders 
of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote; 
provided, however, that an amendment reducing the fixed number or 
the minimum number of directors to a number less than five (5) 
cannot be adopted if the votes cast against its adoption at a 
meeting, or the shares not consenting in the case of an action by 
written consent, are equal to more than sixteen and two-thirds 
percent (16-2/3%) of the outstanding shares entitled to vote 
thereon.  No amendment may change the stated maximum number of 
authorized directors to a number greater than two (2) times the 
stated minimum number of directors minus one (1).

		(b)	The number of directors of the corporation shall 
be five.

	    Section 3.	ELECTION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS;. 
Directors shall be elected at each annual meeting of the share-
holders to hold office until the next annual meeting.  Each 
director, including a director elected to fill a vacancy, shall 
hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected and 
until a successor has been elected and qualified.  No reduction of 
the authorized number of directors shall have the effect of 
removing any director before the director's term of office 
expires.

	    Section 4.	VACANCIES;.  Vacancies in the board of 
directors may be filled by a majority of the remaining directors, 
though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, except 
that a vacancy created by the removal of a director by the vote or 
written consent of the shareholders or by court order may be 
filled only by the vote of a majority of the shares entitled to 
vote represented at a duly held meeting at which a quorum is 
present (which shares voting affirmatively also constitute a 
majority of the required quorum), or by the written consent of 
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.  
Each director so elected shall hold office until the next annual 
meeting of shareholders and until a successor has been elected and 
qualified.

	A vacancy or vacancies in the board of directors shall be 
deemed to exist in the event of the death, resignation, or removal 
of any director, or if the board of directors by resolution 
declares vacant the office of a director who has been declared of 
unsound mind by an order of court or convicted of a felony, or if 
the authorized number of directors is increased, or if the 
shareholders fail, at any meeting of shareholders at which any 
director or directors are elected, to elect the number of 
directors to be voted for at that meeting.

	The shareholders may elect a director or directors at any 
time to fill any vacancy or vacancies not filled by the directors, 
but any such election by written consent shall require the consent 
of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote.

	Any director may resign effective on giving written notice to 
the chairman of the board, the president, the secretary, or the 
board of directors, unless the notice specifies a later time for 
that resignation to become effective.  If the resignation of a 
director is effective at a future time, the board of directors may 
elect a successor to take office when the resignation becomes 
effective.

	No reduction of the authorized number of directors shall have 
the effect of removing any director before that director's terms 
of office expires.

	    Section 5.	PLACE OF MEETINGS AND MEETINGS BY 
TELEPHONE;. Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held 
at any place within or outside the State of California that has 
been designated from time to time by resolution of the board.  In 
the absence of such designation, regular meetings shall be held at 
the principal executive office of the corporation.  Special 
meetings of the board shall be held at any place within or outside 
the State of California that has been designated in the notice of 
the meeting or, if not stated in the notice or there is no notice, 
at the principal executive office of the corporation.  Any 
meeting, regular or special, may be held by conference telephone 
or similar communication equipment, so long as all directors 
participating in the meeting can hear one another, and all such 
directors shall be deemed to be present in person at the meeting.

	    Section 6.	ANNUAL MEETING;.  Immediately following 
each annual meeting of shareholders, the board of directors shall 
hold a regular meeting for the purpose of organization, any 
desired elec-tion of officers, and the transaction of other 
business.  Notice of this meeting shall not be required.

	    Section 7.	OTHER REGULAR MEETINGS;.  Other regular 
meetings of the board of directors shall be held without call at 
such time as shall from time to time be fixed by the board of 
directors. Such regular meetings may be held without notice.

	    Section 8.	SPECIAL MEETINGS;.  Special meetings of the 
board of directors for any purpose or purposes may be called at 
any time by the chairman of the board or the president or any vice 
president or the secretary or any two directors.

	Notice of the time and place of special meetings shall be 
delivered personally or by telephone to each director or sent by 
first-class mail or telegram, charges prepaid, addressed to each 
director at that director's address as it is shown on the records 
of the corporation.  In case the notice is mailed, it shall be 
deposited in the United States mail at least four (4,) days before 
the time of the holding of the meeting.  In case notice is 
delivered personally, or by telephone or telegram, it shall be 
delivered personally or by telephone or to the telegraph company 
at least forty-eight (48) hours before the time of the holding of 
the meeting.  Any oral notice given personally or by telephone may 
be communicated either to the director or to a person at the 
office of the director who the person giving the notice has reason 
to believe will promptly communicate it to the director.  The 
notice need not specify the purpose of the meeting nor the place 
if the meeting is to be held at the principal executive office of 
the corporation.

	    Section 9.	QUORUM;.  A majority of the authorized 
number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction 
of business, except to adjourn as provided in Section 11 of this 
Article III.  Every act or decision done or made by a majority of 
the directors present at a meeting duly held at which a quorum is 
present shall be regarded as the act of the board of directors, 
subject to the provisions of Section 310 of the Corporations Code 
of California (as to approval of contracts or transactions in 
which a director has a direct or indirect material financial 
interest), Section 311 of that Code (as to appointment of commit-
tees), and Section 317(e) of that Code (as to indemnification of 
directors), the articles of incorporation, and other applicable 
laws.  A meeting at which a quorum is initially present may 
continue to transact business notwithstanding the withdrawal of 
directors, if any action taken is approved by at least a majority 
of the required quorum for that meeting.

	    Section 10.	WAIVER OF NOTICE;.  The transactions of any 
meeting of the board of directors, however called and noticed or 
wherever held, shall be as valid as though had at a meeting duly 
held after regular call and notice if a quorum is present and if, 
either before or after the meeting, each of the directors not 
present signs a written waiver of notice, a consent to holding the 
meeting or an approval of the minutes.  The waiver of notice or 
consent need not specify the purpose of the meeting.  All such

waivers, consents, and approvals shall be filed with the corporate 
records or made a part of the minutes of the meeting.  Notice of a 
meeting shall also be deemed given to any director who attends the 
meeting without protesting before or at its commencement, the lack 
of notice to that director.

	    Section 11.	ADJOURNMENT;.  A majority of the directors 
present, whether or not constituting a quorum, may adjourn any 
meeting to another time and place.

	    Section 12.	NOTICE OF ADJOURNMENT;.  Notice of the time 
and place of holding an adjourned meeting need not be given, 
unless the meeting is adjourned for more than twenty-four (24) 
hours, in which case notice of the time and place shall be given 
before the time of the adjourned meeting, in the manner specified 
in Section 8 of this Article III, to the directors who were not 
present at the time of adjournment.

	    Section 13.	ACTION WITHOUT MEETING;.  Any action 
required or permitted to be taken by the board of directors may be 
taken with-out a meeting, if all members of the board shall 
individually or collectively consent in writing to that action.  
Such action by written consent shall have the same force and 
effect as an unani-mous vote of the board of directors.  Such 
written consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of the 
proceedings of the board.

	    Section 14.	FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS;.  
Directors and members of committees may receive such compensation, 
if any, for their services, and reimbursement of expenses, as may 
be fixed or determined by resolution of the board of directors.  
This Section 14 shall not be construed to preclude any director 
from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, 
agent, employee, or otherwise, and receiving compensation for 
those services.


    ARTICLE IV

COMMITTEES;

	    Section 1.	COMMITTEE OF DIRECTORS;.  The board of 
directors may, by resolution adopted by a majority of the 
authorized number of directors, designate one or more committees, 
each consisting of two or more directors, to serve at the pleasure 
of the board.  The board may designate one or more directors as 
alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent 
member at any meeting of the committee.  Any committee, to the 
extent provided in the resolution of the board, shall have all the 
authority of the board, except with respect to:

		(a)	the approval of any action which, under the 
General Corporation Law of California, also requires shareholders' 
approval or approval of the outstanding shares;

		(b)	the filling of vacancies on the board of 
directors or in any committee;

		(c)	the fixing of compensation of the directors for 
serving on the board or on any committee;

		(d)	the amendment or repeal of bylaws or the adoption 
of new bylaws;

		(e)	the amendment or repeal of any resolution of the 
board of directors which by its express terms is not so amendable 
or repealable;

		(f)	a distribution to the shareholders of the 
corpora-tion, except at a rate or in a periodic amount or within a 
price range determined by the board of directors; or

		(g)	the appointment of any other committees of the 
board of directors or the members of these committees.

	    Section 2.	MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES;.  
Meetings and actions of committees shall be governed by, and held 
and taken in accordance with, the provisions of Article III of 
these bylaws, Section 5 (place of meetings) Section 7 (regular 
meetings), Section 8 (special meetings and notice), Section 9 
(quorum), Section 10 (waiver of notice), Section 11 (adjournment), 
Section 12 (notice of adjournment) and Section 13 (action without 
meeting), with such changes in the context of those bylaws as are 
necessary to substitute the committee and its members for the 
board of directors and its members, except that the time of 
regular meetings of committees may be determined either by 
resolution of the board of directors or by resolution of the 
committee; special meetings of committees may also be called by 
resolution of the board of directors; and notice of special 
meetings of committees shall also be given to all alternate 
members, who shall have the right to attend all meetings of the 
committee.  The board of directors may adopt rules for the 
government of any committee not inconsistent with the provisions 
of these bylaws.


    ARTICLE V

OFFICERS;

	    Section 1.	OFFICERS;.  The officers of the corporation 
shall be a chairman of the board or a president, or both, a 
secretary and a chief financial officer.  The corporation may also 
have, at the discretion of the board of directors, a chief 
executive officer, a chief operating officer, one or more vice 
presidents, one or more assistant secretaries, one or more 
assistant treasurers, and such other officers as may be appointed 
in accordance with the provi-sions of Section 3 of this Article V.  
Any number of offices may be held by the same person.

	    Section 2.	ELECTION OF OFFICERS;.  The officers of the 
corporation, except such officers as may be appointed in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 3 or Section 5 of this 
Article V, shall be chosen by the board of directors, and each 
shall serve at the pleasure of the board, subject to the rights, 
if any, of an officer under any contract of employment.  Any 
contract of employ-ment with an officer shall be unenforceable 
unless in writing and specifically authorized by the board of 
directors.

	    Section 3.	SUBORDINATE OFFICERS;.  The board of 
directors may appoint, and may empower the president to appoint, 
such other officers as the business of the corporation may 
require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such 
authority and perform such duties as are provided in the bylaws or 
as the board of directors may from time to time determine.

	    Section 4.	REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS;.  
Subject to the rights, if any, of any officer under any contract 
of employ-ment, any officer may be removed, either with or without 
cause, by the board of directors, at any regular or special 
meeting of the board, or, except in case of an officer chosen by 
the board of directors, by any officer upon whom such power of 
removal may be conferred by the board of directors.

	Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice 
to the corporation.  Any resignation shall take effect at the date 
of receipt of that notice or at any later time specified in that 
notice; and, unless otherwise specified in that notice, the 
acceptance of the resignation shall not be necessary to make it 
effective.  Any resignation is without prejudice to the rights, if 
any, of the corporation under any contract to which the officer is 
a party.

	    Section 5.	VACANCIES IN OFFICES;.  A vacancy in any 
office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or 
any

other cause shall be filled in the manner prescribed in these 
bylaws for regular appointments to that office.

	    Section 6.	CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD;.  The chairman of 
the board, if such officer be elected, shall, if present, preside 
at meeting of the board of directors and exercise and perform such 
other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned to 
him by the board of directors or prescribed by the bylaws.  If 
there is no president or chief executive officer, the chairman of 
the board shall act as chief executive officer of the corporation 
and shall have the powers and duties prescribed in Section 7 of 
this Article V.

	    Section 7.	PRESIDENT;.  Subject to any supervisory 
powers, if any, as may be given by the board of directors to the 
chairman of the board and/or chief executive officer, if there be 
such an officer or officers, the president shall, subject to the 
control of the board of directors, have general supervision, 
direction, and control of the business and the affairs of the 
corporation.  In the absence of the chairman of the board, or if 
there be none, he shall preside at all meetings of the 
shareholders and at all meetings of the board of directors.  He 
shall have the general powers and duties of management usually 
vested in the office of president of a corporation, and shall have 
such other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the board of 
directors or the bylaws.

	    Section 8.	VICE PRESIDENTS;.  In the absence or 
disability of the chairman of the board, the chief executive 
officer and the president, the vice presidents, if any, in order 
of their rank as fixed by the board of directors or, if not 
ranked, a vice presi-dent designated by the board of directors, 
shall perform all the duties of the such officers, and when so 
acting shall have all the powers of, and be subject to all the 
restrictions upon, such officers. The vice presidents shall have 
such other powers and perform such other duties as from time to 
time may be prescribed for them respectively by the board of 
directors, the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, 
or the president.

	    Section 9.	SECRETARY;.  The secretary shall keep or 
cause to be kept, at the principal executive office or such other 
place as the board of directors may direct, a book of minutes of 
all meetings and action of the directors, committees of directors, 
and shareholders, with the time and place of holding, whether 
regular or special, and if special, how authorized, the notice 
given, the names of those present at directors' meetings or 
committee meet-ings, the number of shares present or represented at 
shareholders' meetings, and the proceedings.

	The secretary shall keep, or cause to be kept, at the 
principal executive office of the corporation or at the office of

the corporation's transfer agent or registrar, as determined by 
resolution of the board of directors, a share register, or a 
duplicate share register, showing the names of all shareholders 
and their addresses, the number and classes of shares held by 
each, the number and date of certificates evidencing such shares, 
and the number and date of cancellation of every certificate 
surrendered for cancellation.

	The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all 
meetings of the shareholders and of the board of directors 
required by the bylaws or by law to be given, and he shall keep 
the seal of the corporation if one be adopted, in safe custody, 
and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as 
may be prescribed by the board of directors or by the bylaws.

	    Section 10.	CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER; TREASURER;.  The 
chief financial officer or, if there be none, the treasurer shall 
keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate 
and correct books and records of accounts of the properties and 
busi-ness transactions of the corporation, including accounts of 
its assets, liabilities, receipts, disbursements, gains, losses, 
capital, retained earnings, and shares.  The books of account 
shall at all reasonable times be open to inspection by any 
director.

	The chief financial officer (or the treasurer) shall deposit 
all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of 
the corporation with such depositories as may be designated by the 
board of directors.  He shall disburse the funds of the corpora-
tion as may be ordered by the board of directors, shall render to 
the chairman of the board, the chief executive officer, the 
president and board of directors, whenever they request it, an 
account of all of his transactions as chief financial officer (or 
treasurer) and of the financial condition of the corporation, and 
shall have other powers and perform such other duties as may be 
prescribed by the board of directors or the bylaws.

	Should there be no one serving in the capacity of chief 
finan--cial officer, the treasurer (or, in his absence, the 
assistant treasurer) shall exercise all of the duties and assume 
all of the responsibilities of the chief financial officer.


    ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS;

	    Section 1.	INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS;.  
The corporation shall, to the maximum extent and in the manner 
per-mitted by the Code, indemnify each of its directors and 
officers

against expenses (as defined in Section 317(a) of the Code), 
judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts actually and 
reasonably incurred in connection with any proceeding (as defined 
in Section 317(a) of the Code), arising by reason of the fact that 
such person is or was an agent of the corporation.  For purposes 
of this Article VI, a "director" or "officer" of the corporation 
includes any person (i) who is or was a director or officer of the 
corporation, (ii) who is or was serving at the request of the 
corporation as a director or officer of another corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or 
(iii) who was a director or officer of a corporation which was a 
predecessor corporation of the corporation or of another 
enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation.

	    Section 2.	INDEMNIFICATION OF OTHERS;.  The 
corporation shall have the power, to the extent and in the manner 
permitted by the Code, to indemnify each of its employees and 
agents (other than directors and officers) against expenses (as 
defined in Section 317(a) of the Code), judgments, fines, 
settlements, and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in 
connection with any proceeding (as defined in Section 317(a) of 
the Code), arising by reason of the fact that such person is or 
was an agent of the corporation.  For purposes of this Article VI, 
an "employee" or "agent" of the corporation (other than a director 
or officer) includes any person (i) who is or was an employee or 
agent of the corporation, (ii) who is or was serving at the 
request of the corporation as an employee or agent of another 
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other 
enterprise, or (iii) who was an employee or agent of a corporation 
which was a predecessor corporation of the corporation or of 
another enterprise at the request of such predecessor corporation.

	    Section 3.	PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE;.  Expenses 
incurred in defending any civil or criminal action or proceeding 
for which indemnification is required pursuant to Section 6.1 or 
for which indemnification is permitted pursuant to Section 6.2 
following authorization thereof by the Board of Directors shall be 
paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of 
such action or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on 
behalf of the indemnified party to repay such amount if it shall 
ultimately be determined that the indemnified party is not 
entitled to be indemnified as authorized in this Article VI.

	    Section 4.	INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE;.  The 
indemnification provided by this Article VI shall not be deemed 
exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking 
indemnification may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote 
of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as 
to action in an official capacity and as to action in another 
capacity while holding such office, to

the extent that such additional rights to indemnification are 
authorized in the Articles of Incorporation.

	    Section 5.	INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION;.  The 
corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain 
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, 
officer, employee or agent of the corporation against any 
liability asserted against or incurred by such person in such 
capacity or arising out of such person's status as such, whether 
or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify him 
against such liability under the provisions of this Article VI.

	    Section 6.	CONFLICTS.;  No indemnification or advance 
shall be made under this Article VI, except where such 
indemnification or advance is mandated by law or the order, 
judgment or decree of any court of competent jurisdiction, in any 
circumstance where it appears:

		(1)	That it would be inconsistent with a provision of 
the Articles of Incorporation, these bylaws, a resolution of the 
shareholders or an agreement in effect at the time of the accrual 
of the alleged cause of the action asserted in the proceeding in 
which the expenses were incurred or other amounts were paid, which 
prohibits or otherwise limits indemnification; or

		(2)	That it would be inconsistent with any condition 
expressly imposed by a court in approving a settlement.


    ARTICLE VII

RECORDS AND REPORTS;

	    Section 1.	MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF SHARE 
REGISTER;. The corporation shall keep at its principal executive 
office, or at the office of its transfer agent or registrar, if 
either be appointed and as determined by resolution of the board 
of directors, a record of its shareholders, giving the names and 
addresses of all shareholders and the number and class of shares 
held by each shareholder.

	A shareholder or shareholders of the corporation holding at 
least five percent (5%) in the aggregate of the outstanding voting 
shares of the corporation or who holds at least once percent (1%) 
of such voting shares and has filed a Schedule 14B with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission relating to the election of 
directors may (i) inspect and copy the records of the 
shareholders' names and addresses and shareholdings during usual 
business hours on five (5) days' prior written demand on the 
corporation and (ii) obtain from the transfer agent of the 
corporation, on written

demand and on the tender of such transfer agent's usual charges 
for such list, a list of the shareholders' names and addresses, 
who are entitled to vote for the election of directors, and their 
shareholdings, as of the most recent record date for which that 
list has been compiled or as of a date specified by the 
shareholder after the date of demand.  This list shall be made 
available to any shareholder by the transfer agent on or before 
the later of five (5) days after the demand is received or five 
(5) days after the date specified in the demand as the date as of 
which the list is to be compiled.  The record of shareholders 
shall also be open to inspection on the written demand of any 
shareholder or holder of a voting trust certificate, at any time 
during usual business hours, for a purpose reasonably related to 
the holder's interests as a shareholder or as the holder of a 
voting trust certificate.  Any inspection and copying under this 
Section 1 may be made in person or by an agent or attorney of the 
shareholder or holder of a voting trust certificate making the 
demand.

	    Section 2.	MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF BYLAWS;.  The 
corporation shall keep at its principal executive office, or if 
its principal office is not in the State of California, at its 
principal business office in this state, the original or a copy of 
the bylaws as amended to date, which shall be open to inspection 
by the shareholders at all reasonable times during office hours.  
If the principal executive office of the corporation is outside 
the State of California and the corporation has no principal 
business in this state, the secretary shall, upon the written 
request of any shareholder, furnish to that shareholder a copy of 
the bylaws as amended to date.

	    Section 3.	MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF OTHER 
CORPORATE RECORDS;.  The accounting books and records and minutes 
of proceedings of the shareholders and the board of directors and 
any committee or committees of the board of directors shall be 
kept at such place or places designated by the board of directors, 
or, in the absence of such designation, at the principal executive 
office of the corporation.  The minutes shall be kept in written 
form and the accounting books and records shall be kept either in 
written form or in any form capable of being converted into 
written form. The minutes and accounting books and records shall 
be open to inspection upon the written demand of any shareholder 
or holder of a voting trust certificate, at any reasonable time 
during usual business hours, for a purpose reasonably related to 
the holder's interest as a shareholder or as the holder of a 
voting trust certificate.  The inspection may be made in person or 
by an agent or attorney, and shall include the right to copy and 
make extracts. These rights of inspection shall extend to the 
records of each subsidiary corporation of the corporation.

	    Section 4.	INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS;.  Every director 
shall have the absolute right at any reasonable time to inspect 
all books, records, and documents of every kind and the physical 
properties of the corporation and each of its subsidiary corpora-
tions.  This inspection by a director may be made in person or by 
an agent or attorney and the right of inspection includes the 
right to copy and make extracts of documents.

	    Section 5.	ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS;.  The 
corporation shall prepare and send to its shareholders an annual 
report to shareholders as required by Section 1501 of the 
California General Corporation Law.


    ARTICLE VIII

GENERAL CORPORATE POWERS;

	    Section 1.	RECORD DATE FOR PURPOSES OTHER THAN NOTICE 
AND VOTING;.  For purposes of determining the shareholders 
entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution 
or allotment of any rights or entitled to exercise any rights in 
respect of any other lawful action (other than action by 
shareholders by written consent without a meeting), the board of 
directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be 
more than sixty (60) days before any such action, and in that case 
only shareholders of record on the date so fixed are entitled to 
receive the dividend, distribution, or allotment of rights or to 
exercise the rights, as the case may be, notwithstanding any 
transfer of any shares on the books of the corporation after the 
record date so fixed, except as otherwise provided in the 
California General Corporation Law.

		If the board of directors does not so fix a record 
date, the record date for determining shareholders for any such 
purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the 
board adopts the applicable resolution or the sixtieth (60th) day 
before the date of that action, whichever is later.

	    Section 2.	CHECKS, DRAFTS, EVIDENCES OF INDEBTEDNESS;.  
All checks, drafts, or other orders for payment of money, notes, 
or other evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of or 
payable to the corporation, shall be signed or endorsed by such 
person or persons and in such manner as, from time to time, shall 
be determined by resolution of the board of directors.

	    Section 3.	CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS; HOW 
EXECUTED;.  The board of directors, except as otherwise provided 
in these bylaws, may authorize any officer or officers, agent or 
agents, to enter into any contract or execute any instrument in 
the name of and on behalf of the corporation, and this authority 
may be

general or confined to specific instances; and, unless so 
authorized or ratified by the board of directors or within the 
agency power of an officer, no officer, agent, or employee shall 
have any power or authority to bind the corporation by any 
contract or engagement or to pledge its credit or to render it 
liable for any purpose or for any amount.

	    Section 4.	CERTIFICATE FOR SHARES;.  A certificate or 
certificates for shares of the capital stock of the corporation 
shall be issued to each shareholder when any of these shares are 
fully paid, and the board of directors may authorize the issuance 
of certificates or shares as partly paid provided that these 
certificates shall state the amount of the consideration to be 
paid for them and the amount paid.  All certificates shall be 
signed in the name of the corporation by the chairman of the board 
or vice chairman of the board or the president or vice president 
and by the chief financial officer or an assistant treasurer or 
the secretary or any assistant secretary, certifying the number of 
shares and the class or series of shares owned by the shareholder.  
Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be facsimile.  
In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed 
or whose facsimile signature has been placed on a certificate 
shall have ceased to be that officer, transfer agent, or registrar 
before that certificate is issued, it may be issued by the 
corporation with the same effect as if that person were an 
officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue.

	    Section 5.	LOST CERTIFICATES;.  Except as provided in 
this Section 5, no new certificates for shares shall be issued to 
replace an old certificate unless the latter is surrendered to the 
corporation and cancelled at the same time.  The board of 
directors may, in case any share certificate or certificate for 
any other security is lost, stolen or destroyed, authorize the 
issuance of a replacement certificate on such terms and conditions 
as the board may require, including provision for indemnification 
of the corporation secured by a bond or other adequate security 
sufficient to protect the corporation against any claim that may 
be made against it, including any expense or liability, on account 
of the alleged loss, theft, or destruction of the certificate or 
the issuance of the replacement certificate.

	    Section 6.	REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER 
CORPORATIONS;. The chairman of the board, the president, or any 
vice president, or any other person authorized by resolution of 
the board of directors or by any of the foregoing designated 
officers, is authorized to vote on behalf of the corporation any 
and all shares of any other corporation or corporations, foreign 
or domestic, standing in the name of the corporation.  The 
authority granted to these officers to vote or represent on behalf 
of the corporation any and all shares held by the corporation in 
any other corporation or corpo-ra-

- - -tions may be exercised by any of these officers in person or by 
any person authorized to do so by a proxy duly executed by these 
officers.

	    Section 7.	CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITIONS;.  Unless the 
context requires otherwise, the general provisions, rules of 
construction, and definitions in the California General 
Corporation Law shall govern the construction of these bylaws.  
Without limiting the generality of this provision, the singular 
number includes the plural, the plural number includes the 
singular, and the term "person" includes both a corporation and a 
natural person.


    ARTICLE IX

AMENDMENTS;

	    Section 1.	AMENDMENTS BY SHAREHOLDERS;.  New bylaws 
may be adopted or these bylaws may be amended or repealed by the 
vote or written consent of holders of a majority of the 
outstanding shares entitled to vote; provided, however, that if 
the articles of incorporation of the corporation set forth the 
number of authorized directors of the corporation, the authorized 
number of directors may be changed only by an amendment of the 
articles of incorporation.

	    Section 2.	AMENDMENT BY DIRECTORS;.  Subject to the 
rights of the shareholders as provided in Section 1 of this 
Article IX, bylaws, other than a bylaw or an amendment of a bylaw 
changing the authorized number of directors (except to fix the 
authorized number of directors pursuant to a bylaw providing for a 
variable number of directors), may be adopted, amended, or 
repealed by the board of directors.

CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT NO. 1
OF THE BYLAWS OF
SYMMETRICOM, INC.


1.	Article III, Section 15, was added to the Bylaws of this 
corporation, effective July 21, 1993 by the Board of Directors to 
read in its entirety as follows:

		"Section 15.  APPROVAL OF LOANS TO OFFICERS.  The 
corporation may, upon the approval of the board of directors 
alone, make loans of money or property to, or guarantee the 
obligations of, any officer of the corporation or its parent or 
subsidiary, whether or not a director, or adopt an employee 
benefit plan or plans authorizing such loans or guaranties 
provided that (i) the board of directors determines that such a 
loan or guaranty or plan may reasonably be expected to benefit the 
corporation, (ii) the corporation has outstanding shares held of 
record by 100 or more persons (determined as provided in Section 
605 of the California Corporations Code) on the date of approval 
by the board of directors, and (iii) the approval of the board of 
directors is by a vote sufficient without counting the vote of any 
interested director or directors."



BYLAWS

OF

SYMMETRICOM, INC.





BYLAWS

OF

SYMMETRICOM, INC.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

ARTICLE I - OFFICES    1

Section 1.	PRINCIPAL OFFICES    1
Section 2.	OTHER OFFICES    1

ARTICLE II - MEETINGS OF SHAREHOLDERS    1

Section 1.	PLACE OF MEETINGS    1
Section 2.	ANNUAL MEETING    1
Section 3.	SPECIAL MEETING    1
Section 4.	NOTICE OF SHAREHOLDERS' MEETING    2
Section 5.	MANNER OF GIVING NOTICE; AFFIDAVIT OF
				NOTICE    3
Section 6.	QUORUM    3
Section 7.	ADJOURNED MEETING; NOTICE    4
Section 8.	VOTING    4
Section 9.	WAIVER OF NOTICE OR CONSENT BY ABSENT
				SHARE-HOLDERS    5
Section 10.	SHAREHOLDER ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT
				WITHOUT A MEETING    5
Section 11.	RECORD DATE FOR SHAREHOLDER NOTICE, VOTING,
				AND GIVING CONSENTS    6
Section 12.	PROXIES    7
Section 13.	INSPECTORS OF ELECTION    8

ARTICLE III - DIRECTORS    8

Section 1.	POWERS    8
Section 2.	NUMBER OF DIRECTORS    9
Section 3.	ELECTION AND TERM OF OFFICE OF DIRECTORS    9
Section 4.	VACANCIES    9
Section 5.	PLACE OF MEETINGS AND MEETINGS BY TELEPHONE   10
Section 6.	ANNUAL MEETING   10
Section 7.	OTHER REGULAR MEETINGS   10
Section 8.	SPECIAL MEETINGS   11
Section 9.	QUORUM   11
Section 10.	WAIVER OF NOTICE   11
Section 11.	ADJOURNMENT   12
Section 12.	NOTICE OF ADJOURNMENT   12
Section 13.	ACTION WITHOUT MEETING   12
Section 14.	FEES AND COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS   12

ARTICLE IV - COMMITTEES   12

Section 1.	COMMITTEE OF DIRECTORS   12
Section 2.	MEETINGS AND ACTION OF COMMITTEES   13

ARTICLE V - OFFICERS   14

Section 1.	OFFICERS   14
Section 2.	ELECTION OF OFFICERS   14
Section 3.	SUBORDINATE OFFICERS   14
Section 4.	REMOVAL AND RESIGNATION OF OFFICERS   14
Section 5.	VACANCIES IN OFFICES   14
Section 6.	CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD   15
Section 7.	PRESIDENT   15
Section 8.	VICE PRESIDENTS   15
Section 9.	SECRETARY   15
Section 10.	CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER; TREASURER   16

ARTICLE VI - INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
		   EMPLOYEES AND OTHER AGENTS   16

Section 1.	INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS   16
Section 2.	INDEMNIFICATION OF OTHERS   17
Section 3.	PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE   17
Section 4.	INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE   17
Section 5.	INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION   18
Section 6.	CONFLICTS.   18

ARTICLE VII - RECORDS AND REPORTS   18

Section 1.	MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF SHARE
				REGISTER   18
Section 2.	MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF BYLAWS   19
Section 3.	MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION OF OTHER
				CORPORATE RECORDS   19
Section 4.	INSPECTION BY DIRECTORS   20
Section 5.	ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS   20

ARTICLE VIII - GENERAL CORPORATE POWERS   20

Section 1.	RECORD DATE FOR PURPOSES OTHER THAN NOTICE
				AND VOTING   20
Section 2.	CHECKS, DRAFTS, EVIDENCES OF INDEBTEDNESS   20
Section 3.	CORPORATE CONTRACTS AND INSTRUMENTS; HOW
				EXECUTED   20
Section 4.	CERTIFICATE FOR SHARES   21
Section 5.	LOST CERTIFICATES   21
Section 6.	REPRESENTATION OF SHARES OF OTHER
				CORPORATIONS   21
Section 7.	CONSTRUCTION AND DEFINITIONS   22

ARTICLE IX - AMENDMENTS   22

Section 1.	AMENDMENTS BY SHAREHOLDERS   22
Section 2.	AMENDMENT BY DIRECTORS   22

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13.1
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 13.1 EXCERPTS OF THE 1994 ANNUAL REPORT
<TEXT>

                                                                       1

                



                            SYMMETRICOM, INC.
                          FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
                (In thousands, except per share amounts)

                                              Year ended June 30,
                                          1994         1993        1992
                                       _______      _______     _______


Net sales:
  Telecom Solutions                    $59,215      $57,031     $42,094
  Linfinity Microelectronics            39,170       30,882      26,704
                                       _______      _______     _______
    Total                               98,385       87,913      68,798

Operating income                         8,331        7,940       3,136
Earnings before income taxes             8,125        7,724       2,825
Net earnings                             6,551        6,001       2,194

Net earnings per common and common
 equivalent share                          .43          .40         .16

Cash and cash equivalents               21,250       18,232      10,146
Working capital                         38,503       29,348      20,661
Total assets                            69,054       58,954      48,231
Shareholders' equity                    46,786       38,102      30,185




                           SYMMETRICOM, INC.
                      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                             (In thousands)


                                                            June 30,
                                                        1994       1993
                                                     _______    _______

ASSETS

Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                          $21,250    $18,232
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance for
   doubtful accounts of $242 and $114                 12,277     10,905
  Inventories                                         15,811     12,937
  Other current assets                                 2,405        216
                                                     _______    _______
    Total current assets                              51,743     42,290

Property, plant and equipment, net                    14,930     15,942
Other assets, net                                      2,381        722
                                                     _______    _______
                                                     $69,054    $58,954
                                                     =======    =======

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                   $ 4,224    $ 2,914
  Accrued liabilities                                  8,969      9,986
  Current maturities of long-term debt                    47         42
                                                     _______    _______
    Total current liabilities                         13,240     12,942

Long-term debt, less current maturities                5,818      5,865
Deferred rent                                            430        604
Deferred income taxes                                  2,780      1,441

Commitments and contingencies

Shareholders' equity:
  Preferred stock, no par value:
    Authorized - 500 shares
    Issued - none                                         --         --
  Common stock, no par value:
    Authorized - 32,000 shares
    Issued and outstanding - 14,071
     and 13,728 shares                                16,069     13,936
  Retained earnings                                   30,717     24,166
                                                     _______    _______
    Total shareholders' equity                        46,786     38,102
                                                     _______    _______
                                                     $69,054    $58,954
                                                     =======    =======

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated 
financial statements.


                            SYMMETRICOM, INC.
                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                (In thousands, except per share amounts)

                                                Year ended June 30,
                                            1994       1993        1992
                                          _______    _______    _______
 

Net sales                                 $98,385    $87,913    $68,798
Cost of sales                              57,165     52,984     45,350
                                          _______    _______    _______
     Gross profit                          41,220     34,929     23,448
Operating expenses:
  Research and development                 11,454      8,355      5,919
  Selling, general and
   administrative                          21,435     18,634     14,393
                                          _______    _______    _______
     Operating income                       8,331      7,940      3,136
Interest income                               397        392        300
Interest expense                             (603)      (608)      (611)
                                          _______    _______    _______
     Earnings before income taxes           8,125      7,724      2,825
Income taxes                                1,574      1,723        631
                                          _______    _______    _______
     Net earnings                         $ 6,551    $ 6,001    $ 2,194
                                          =======    =======    =======

Net earnings per common and common
 equivalent share                         $   .43    $   .40    $   .16
                                          =======    =======    =======

Weighted average common and common
 equivalent shares outstanding             15,370     15,036     13,654
                                          =======    =======    =======


















The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated 
financial statements.

                           SYMMETRICOM, INC.
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                  (In thousands)

                                                                  Total
                                Common   Stock     Retained Shareholders'
                                Shares   Amount    Earnings      Equity
                                ______  _______     _______      _______

Balances at June 30, 1991       12,508  $11,293     $15,971      $27,264
  Stock option exercises           361      727         --           727
  Net earnings                      --       --       2,194        2,194
                                ______  _______     _______      _______
Balances at June 30, 1992       12,869   12,020      18,165       30,185
  Stock option exercises, net of 
   shares tendered upon 
   exercise                        859    1,916          --        1,916
  Net earnings                      --       --       6,001        6,001
                                ______  _______     _______      _______
Balances at June 30, 1993       13,728   13,936      24,166       38,102
  Stock option exercises, 
  including tax benefits of 
  $1,156 arising   from 
  stock option plans               343    2,133          --        2,133
  Net earnings                      --       --       6,551        6,551
                                ______  _______     _______      _______
Balances at June 30, 1994       14,071  $16,069     $30,717      $46,786
                                ======  =======     =======      =======





























The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated 
financial statements.

                        SYMMETRICOM, INC.
                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                             (In thousands)

                                         Year ended June 30,
                                           1994        1993        1992
                                        _______     _______     _______

Cash flows from operating activities:
  Cash received from customers          $97,514     $85,433     $66,499
  Cash paid to suppliers and employ     (87,805)    (73,446)    (61,689)
  Interest received                         407         359         306
  Interest paid                            (603)       (608)       (611)
  Income taxes paid                      (1,273)       (896)       (444)
                                        _______     _______     _______
    Net cash provided by operating 
    activities                            8,240      10,842       4,061
                                        _______     _______     _______
Cash flows from investing activities:
  Purchase of Navstar                    (2,012)         --          --
  Capital expenditures, net              (3,606)     (4,573)     (1,860)
  Acquisition of other assets              (539)        (61)       (230)
                                        _______     _______     _______
    Net cash used for investing 
    activities                           (6,157)     (4,634)     (2,090)
                                        _______     _______     _______
Cash flows from financing activities:
  Repayment of long-term debt               (42)        (38)        (34)
  Proceeds from issuance of common stock    977       1,916         727
                                        _______     _______     _______
    Net cash provided by financing 
     activities                             935       1,878         693
                                        _______     _______     _______
    Net increase in cash and 
    cash equivalents                      3,018       8,086       2,664
    Cash and cash equivalents at 
     beginning of year                   18,232      10,146       7,482
                                        _______     _______     _______
    Cash and cash equivalents at end 
     of year                            $21,250     $18,232     $10,146
                                        =======     =======     =======

Reconciliation of net earnings to 
 net cash provided by operating 
 activities:
  Net earnings                          $ 6,551     $ 6,001     $ 2,194
  Adjustments (net of effects of Navstar 
   purchase):
    Depreciation and amortization         5,789       4,945       3,941
    Net deferred income taxes              (656)        674          --
    (Increase) in accounts receivable    (1,060)     (2,516)     (1,969)
    (Increase) in inventories            (2,430)       (515)     (2,311)
    Decrease (increase) in other 
     current assets                        (194)         83         (41)
    Increase (decrease) in accounts 
     payable                                275        (323)        702
    Increase in accrued liabilities         139       2,634       1,635
    (Decrease) in deferred rent            (174)       (141)        (90)
                                        _______     _______     _______
    Net cash provided by operating 
    activities                          $ 8,240     $10,842     $ 4,061
                                        =======     =======     =======


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated 
financial statements.


NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


Note A--Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Business.  Symmetricom, Inc., formerly Silicon General, Inc., conducts 
its business through two separate operations, Telecom Solutions and 
Linfinity Microelectronics Inc. (LMI).  Each operates in a different 
industry segment.  Telecom Solutions principally designs, manufactures 
and markets telecommunications equipment.  LMI designs, manufactures and 
markets linear and digital integrated circuits.

Principles of Consolidation.  The consolidated financial statements 
include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries.  All 
significant intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated.

Fiscal Period.  The Company's fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to 
June 30.  For presentation purposes, however, each fiscal year is 
presented as if it ended on June 30.  All references to years refer to 
the Company's fiscal years.  Fiscal year 1994 consisted of 53 weeks and 
fiscal years 1993 and 1992 consisted of 52 weeks.

Cash Equivalents.  The Company considers all highly liquid debt 
investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or 
less to be cash equivalents.

Inventories.  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, 
first-out) or market.

Property, Plant and Equipment.  Property, plant and equipment are stated 
at cost.  Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-
line method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets (three to 
thirty years) or the lease term if shorter.

Intangible Assets.  Intangible assets, primarily purchased technology, 
are  included in other assets and amortized over five years 

Revenue Recognition.  Sales are recognized upon shipment.  Provisions are 
made for warranty costs, sales returns and price protection.

Foreign Currency Translation.  Foreign currency translation gains and 
losses and the effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have 
not been significant.

Concentrations of Credit Risk.  Financial instruments which potentially 
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally 
of cash equivalents and accounts receivable.  The Company places its 
investments with high-credit-quality financial institutions.  Accounts 
receivable are derived primarily from sales to telecommunications 
companies and original equipment manufacturers.  Management believes that 
any risk of accounting loss is significantly reduced by the Company's 
credit evaluation process.
   
Income Taxes.  The Company accounts for income taxes under Statement of 
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," 
which requires an asset and liability approach to account for income 
taxes. 

Net Earnings Per Common and Common Equivalent Share.  Net earnings per 
common and common equivalent share is computed using the weighted 
average number of common shares outstanding and dilutive stock options 
and warrants, using the treasury stock method.

Reclassifications.  Certain 1993 balances have been reclassified to 
conform to the 1994 presentation.  

Note B--Acquisition

    In August 1993, the Company acquired, in a purchase transaction, 
substantially all the assets of Navstar Limited, a U.K. company, and 
its U.S. affiliate (collectively "Navstar") for $2,012,000 in cash and 
the assumption of $1,035,000 in liabilities.  The fair value of assets 
acquired included purchased technology of $1,756,000, tangible assets of 
$1,071,000 and goodwill of $220,000. Navstar designs, manufactures and 
markets Global Positioning System receivers.

    The operating results of Navstar have been included in the 
consolidated statements of operations since the date of acquisition and 
have not been material to consolidated operations.  Unaudited pro forma 
combined results of operations of the Company for the year ended June 30, 
1993, assuming the acquisition of Navstar had occurred on July 1, 1992, 
are as follows:  net sales, $90,342,000, net earnings, $5,052,000 and net 
earnings per common and common equivalent share, $0.34.

Note C--Linfinity Microelectronics Inc. 

    At July 1, 1993, substantially all of the assets and liabilities of 
the Silicon General Semiconductor Group were transferred to LMI, a 
newly-formed and wholly-owned subsidiary.  At July 1, 1993, LMI common 
shares were reserved for issuance under the LMI stock option plan which 
would represent 20% ownership of LMI if stock options to purchase all 
reserved shares were granted and exercised.  Stock options granted will 
vest at 25% per year from date of grant.  At June 30, 1994, 893,600 
shares were available for grant under the LMI stock option plan, options 
to purchase 1,106,400 shares of LMI common stock were outstanding and 
options to purchase 222,500 shares were exercisable.

Note D--Inventories

Inventories consist of:

                                                             June 30,
                                                          1994      1993
                                                       _______   _______
                                                         (In thousands)

Raw materials                                          $ 7,677   $ 4,115
Work-in-process                                          5,110     5,424
Finished goods                                           3,024     3,398
                                                       _______   _______
                                                       $15,811   $12,937
                                                       =======   =======


Note E--Property, Plant and Equipment

Property, plant and equipment consist of:
                                                             June 30,
                                                          1994      1993
                                                       _______   _______
                                                         (In thousands)

Land                                                   $ 1,247   $ 1,247
Buildings and improvements                               7,991     8,938
Machinery and equipment                                 26,452    26,928
Leasehold improvements                                   2,268     2,051
                                                       _______   _______
                                                        37,958    39,164
Accumulated depreciation and amortization              (23,028)  (23,222)
                                                       _______   _______
                                                       $14,930   $15,942
                                                       =======   =======


Maintenance and repairs expense was $1,268,000 in 1994, $1,077,000 in 
1993 and $854,000 in 1992. 

Note F--Borrowing Arrangements

    The Company has a $7,000,000 unsecured bank line of credit which 
expires in December 1995 and bears interest at the bank's prime rate, 
7.25% at June 30, 1994.  The line of credit agreement requires that the 
Company maintain certain financial ratios and prohibits an operating 
loss in two consecutive quarters.  At June 30, 1994, the Company had 
available credit of $7,000,000.

    Long-term debt consists of a 10.25% note, payable in monthly 
installments of approximately $54,000, including interest, until 
November 1997 when the balance of the principal is due.  The note is 
collateralized by land, building and related personal property.  At 
June 30, 1994, maturities of long-term debt were $47,000 in 1995, 
$52,000 in 1996, $57,000 in 1997 and $5,709,000 in 1998.

Note G--Accrued Liabilities

Accrued liabilities consist of:
                                                             June 30,
                                                         1994      1993
                                                      _______   _______
                                                         (In thousands)

Employee compensation and benefits                    $ 3,769   $ 5,533
Accrued warranty expense                                2,071     2,136
Other                                                   3,129     2,317
                                                      _______   _______
                                                      $ 8,969   $ 9,986
                                                      =======   =======

Note H--Income Taxes

Income tax expense consists of:
                                                   Year ended June 30,
                                                1994      1993      1992
                                             _______   _______   _______
                                                    (In thousands)

Current:
  Federal                                    $ 1,366   $   183   $   102
  State                                          778       151       265
  Puerto Rico                                     86       715       264
                                             _______   _______   _______
                                               2,230     1,049       631
                                             _______   _______   _______
Deferred:
  Federal                                     (1,144)     (767)       --
  State                                          104       370        --
  Puerto Rico                                    384     1,071        --
                                             _______   _______   _______
                                                (656)      674        --
                                             _______   _______   _______
                                             $ 1,574   $ 1,723   $   631
                                             =======   =======   =======

    Deferred income tax expense (benefit) is recorded when income and 
expenses are recognized in different periods for financial reporting and 
tax purposes.  The significant components of deferred income tax expense 
(benefit) are as follows:

                                                 Year ended June 30,
                                               1994      1993      1992
                                            _______   _______   _______
                                                   (In thousands)

Net operating loss and credit carryforwards $   642   $   421   $   306
Reserves and accruals                          (600)     (850)      (65)
Deferred rent                                    52        35        33
Depreciation and amortization                  (639)     (678)     (839)
Reduction of taxes provided in prior y           --      (767)       --
Deferred taxes on unremitted Puerto Rico 
 earnings                                     1,339     1,441        --
Change in valuation allowance                (1,450)    1,072       565
                                            _______   _______   _______
                                            $  (656)  $   674   $    --
                                            =======   =======   =======



    The Company's effective income tax rate differs from the federal 
statutory income tax rate as follows:

                                                   Year ended June 30,
                                                1994      1993      1992
                                             _______   _______   _______

  Federal statutory income tax rate            35.0%     34.0%     34.0%
  Change in valuation allowance               (17.8)     (9.5)       --
  State income taxes, net of federal benefi     4.6       1.3       6.2
  Net tax expense (benefit) of Puerto Rico
   operations                                  (1.8)      6.3     (17.9)
  Other                                        (0.6)      0.1        --
  Reduction of taxes provided in prior yea       --      (9.9)       --
                                             _______   _______   _______
  Effective income tax                         19.4%     22.3%     22.3%
                                             =======   =======   =======

    The net tax expense of Puerto Rico operations in 1993 includes a 
non-recurring provision of approximately $980,000 for taxes on 
unremitted Puerto Rico earnings for prior years.  

    The principal components of the Company's deferred tax assets and 
liabilities are as follows:

                                                            June 30,
                                                         1994      1993
                                                      _______   _______
                                                        (In thousands)

Deferred tax assets:
  Net operating loss and credit carryforwards         $ 4,591   $ 5,233
  Reserves and accruals                                 3,077     2,477
  Deferred rent                                           278       330
                                                       _______   _______
                                                        7,946     8,040
  Valuation allowance                                  (4,780)   (6,230)
                                                       _______   _______
                                                        3,166     1,810
                                                      _______   _______

Deferred tax liabilities:
  Depreciation and amortization                         1,171     1,810
  Unremitted Puerto Rico earnings                       2,780     1,441
                                                      _______   _______
                                                        3,951     3,251
                                                      _______   _______

Net deferred tax liability                            $   785   $ 1,441
                                                      =======   =======


    A valuation allowance is provided due to the uncertainty of 
realization of certain temporary differences and tax credit 
carryforwards, based on the Company's assessment of future 
realizability of these deferred tax assets.  Approximately $1,477,000 
of the valuation allowance is attributable to the tax benefit of stock 
option transactions, which will be credited to common stock when 
realized.

    At June 30, 1994, for federal income tax purposes, the Company had 
net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $610,000 which expire 
in 2004, research and development and investment tax credit 
carryforwards of approximately $2,415,000 which expire in the years 1999 
through 2001 and alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards of 
approximately $1,970,000 which have no expiration date.

    The Company operates a subsidiary in Puerto Rico under a grant 
providing for partial exemption from Puerto Rico taxes through the 
year 2008.  During 1993, the Company elected to have this subsidiary 
taxed under Section 936 of the Internal Revenue Code which exempts 
qualified Puerto Rico source earnings from federal income taxes.  
Income taxes have been provided on this subsidiary's unremitted 
earnings since 1993, as the Company anticipates that such earnings 
will ultimately be distributed in a taxable transaction.  At June 30, 
1994, total unremitted earnings and the related income tax liability of 
this subsidiary were $19,000,000 and $2,840,000, respectively.

    Certain provisions of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 
1993 may result in less favorable tax treatment for the Puerto Rico 
operation in future years.

    During 1993, the Company resolved all outstanding Internal Revenue 
Service examinations.  Accordingly, the Company reduced previously 
provided federal taxes
by $767,000 in 1993.

Note I--Commitments 

    The Company leases certain facilities and equipment under operating
lease agreements which expire at various dates through September 2000.  
Rental expense charged to operations was $1,859,000 in 1994, $2,015,000 
in 1993 and $1,958,000 in 1992.  Future minimum payments due under 
noncancelable leases at June 30, 1994, were $1,486,000 in 1995, 
$1,444,000 in 1996, $1,175,000 in 1997, $295,000 in 1998, $208,000 in 
1999 and $626,000 thereafter.

Note J--Contingencies

    In January 1994, a complaint was filed in the United States 
District Court for the Northern District of California against the 
Company, three of its officers and two unaffiliated parties, by one of 
the Company's shareholders.  The complaint requests that the court 
certify a class of plaintiffs consisting of persons who purchased shares 
of the Company's common stock during a specified period in 1993.  The 
complaint alleges that false and misleading statements made during that 
period artificially inflated the price of the common stock in violation 
of federal securities laws.  There is no specific amount of damages 
requested in the complaint.  The Company and its officers believe that 
the complaint is entirely without merit, and intend to vigorously defend 
against the action.  The Company is also a party to certain other claims 
which are normal in the course of its operations.  While the results of 
such claims cannot be predicted with certainty, management, after 
consultation with counsel, believes that the final outcome of such 
matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's 
financial position or results of operations.

Note K--Related Party Transactions

    During 1993, the Company made a $95,000 unsecured loan to an 
executive officer.  The loan bears interest at approximately 5% per 
annum which is payable quarterly.  The loan is due and payable in 
April 1998.

Note L--Employee Benefit Plans

    The Company's U.S. and Puerto Rico employees are eligible to 
participate in the Company's 401(k) plans.  The Company's 
discretionary contributions vest immediately and were $89,000, 
$63,000 and $57,000 in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

Note M--Shareholders' Equity

Stock Options.  The Company has an employee stock option plan under 
which employees and consultants may be granted non-qualified and 
incentive options to purchase shares of the Company's authorized but 
unissued common stock.  Stock appreciation rights may also be granted 
under this plan, however, none have been granted.  In addition, the 
Company has a director stock option plan under which non-employee 
directors are automatically granted annual options to purchase 10,000 
shares of the Company's authorized but unissued common stock.  Three 
previous option plans have been closed to future grants.  All options 
have been granted at the fair market value of the Company's common stock 
on the date of grant.  Options expire no later than ten years from the 
date of grant and are generally exercisable in annual installments of 
25%, 25% and 50% at the end of each of the first three years following 
the date of grant.  In July 1994, the Company's Board of Directors 
approved a program under which employees, other than executive officers, 
may exchange options to purchase shares of the Company's common stock 
with exercise prices greater than $8.9375 per share for new options with 
an exercise price of $8.9375.  A total of 286,500 shares were eligible 
for exchange.  New options would begin re-vesting in July 1994.  Stock 
option activity for the three years ended June 30, 1994, is as follows:


                                  Shares         Options Outstanding
                                Available       Number         Price
                                For Grant     of Shares      Per Share
                                _________     _________   ______________
                                (In thousands, except per share amounts)

Balances at June 30, 1991           619         2,875     $1.50 to  3.75
  Granted                          (440)          440      3.13 to  5.69
  Exercised                          --          (361)     1.75 to  3.75
  Canceled                           15           (15)     1.94 to  3.75
  Canceled under closed plan         --           (75)     1.75 to  3.75
                                  _____         _____     ______________
Balances at June 30, 1              194         2,864      1.50 to  5.69
  Authorized                      1,000            --        --       --
  Granted                          (316)          316      4.88 to 13.00
  Exercised                          --          (867)     1.50 to  5.69
  Canceled                           58           (58)     1.50 to 10.13
  Canceled under closed pl           --           (24)     1.63 to  3.63
                                  _____         _____     ______________
Balances at June 30, 199            936         2,231      1.50 to 13.00
  Granted                          (489)          489      7.63 to 17.75
  Exercised                          --          (343)     1.50 to  7.50
  Canceled                           92           (92)     2.50 to 17.75
                                  _____         _____     ______________
Balances at June 30, 1994           539         2,285     $1.50 to 17.75
                                  =====         =====     ==============


Exercisable at June 30, 1994                    1,480     $1.63 to 13.00
                                                =====     ==============

Employee Stock Purchase Plan.  During July 1994, subject to shareholder 
approval, the Company's Board of Directors approved an employee stock 
purchase plan under which 450,000 shares of common stock have been 
reserved for issuance.  Under this plan, qualified employees may 
purchase shares of common stock at 85% of the fair market values at 
certain dates.

Common Share Purchase Rights.  The Company's shareholder rights plan 
(the Plan) was adopted in December 1990 and amended in January 1993.  
The Plan authorizes the issuance of one common share purchase right for 
each share of common stock.  The rights expire in December 2000 and are 
not exercisable or transferable apart from the common stock until the 
occurrence of certain events.  Such events include the acquisition of 
20% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock or the 
commencement of a tender or exchange offer for 30% or more of the 
Company's outstanding common stock.  If the rights become exercisable, 
each right entitles its holder to purchase one new share of common stock 
at an exercise price of $25.00, subject to certain antidilution 
adjustments.  Additionally, if the rights become exercisable, a holder 
will be entitled, under certain circumstances, to purchase, for the 
exercise price, shares of common stock of the Company or in other cases, 
of the acquiring company, having a market value of twice the exercise 
price of the right.  Under certain conditions, the Company may redeem 
the rights for a price of $.01 per right or exchange each right not held 
by the acquirer for one share of the Company's common stock.

Warrants.  At June 30, 1994, a warrant was outstanding to purchase 
125,000 shares of the Company's common stock at $3.375 per share.  
The warrant expires in April 1995.

Note N--Business Segment Information

Industry Segment Information.  Information relating to the Company's 
industry segments is as follows:

                                                  Year ended June 30,
                                                1994      1993      1992
                                             _______   _______   _______
                                                   (In thousands)
Net sales:
  Telecom Solutions                          $59,215   $57,031   $42,094
  LMI                                         39,170    30,882    26,704
                                             _______   _______   _______
                                             $98,385   $87,913   $68,798
                                             =======   =======   =======
Operating income (loss):
  Telecom Solutions                          $ 3,588   $ 7,877   $ 4,636
  LMI                                          4,743        63    
(1,500)
                                             _______   _______   _______
                                             $ 8,331   $ 7,940   $ 3,136
                                             =======   =======   =======
Identifiable assets:
  Telecom Solutions                          $43,223   $37,258   $25,957
  LMI                                         25,831    21,696    22,274
                                             _______   _______   _______
                                             $69,054   $58,954   $48,231
                                             =======   =======   =======
Depreciation and amortization expense:
  Telecom Solutions                          $ 2,917   $ 1,965   $ 1,395
  LMI                                          2,872     2,980     2,546
                                             _______   _______   _______
                                             $ 5,789   $ 4,945   $ 3,941
                                             =======   =======   =======
Capital expenditures:
  Telecom Solutions                          $ 2,017   $ 2,475   $ 1,401
  LMI                                          1,589     2,098       494
                                             _______   _______   _______
                                             $ 3,606   $ 4,573   $ 1,895
                                             =======   =======   =======


Major Customers and Export Sales.  No customer accounted for 10% or more 
of net sales in 1994 or 1993.  One of Telecom Solutions' customers 
accounted for 14% of the Company's net sales in 1992.  Export sales, 
primarily to Western Europe, Canada and the Far East, accounted for 18%, 
12% and 14% of the Company's net sales in 1994, 1993 and 1992, 
respectively.

 

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Board of Directors and Shareholders
Symmetricom, Inc.


    We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of 
Symmetricom, Inc., formerly Silicon General, Inc., and subsidiaries 
as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated statements 
of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the 
three years in the period ended June 30, 1994.  These financial 
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our 
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements 
based on our audits.

    We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted 
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform 
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial 
statements are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes 
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and 
disclosures in the financial statements.  An audit also includes 
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made 
by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement 
presentation.  We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis 
for our opinion.

    In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present 
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of 
Symmetricom, Inc. and subsidiaries at June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the 
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three 
years in the period ended June 30, 1994 in conformity with generally 
accepted accounting principles.






San Jose, California
July 28, 1994



Management's Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the 
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.


Results of Operations

    The Company conducts its business through two separate operations, 
Telecom Solutions, which designs, manufactures and markets 
telecommunications equipment, and Linfinity Microelectronics Inc. (LMI), 
which designs, manufactures and markets linear and digital integrated 
circuits.

    Net sales of $98.4 million in fiscal 1994 increased by $10.5 million 
(12%) from fiscal 1993 net sales of $87.9 million, which in turn 
increased by $19.1 million (28%) from fiscal 1992 net sales.  The
 increase in fiscal 1994 sales was primarily due to higher unit volume 
at LMI and to sales at Navstar, which was acquired by the Company in 
August 1993.  The increase in fiscal 1993 sales was primarily due to 
higher unit volume at both Telecom Solutions and LMI.

    Telecom Solutions net sales increased by $2.2 million (4%) to $59.2 
million in fiscal 1994 and by $14.9 million (35%) to $57.0 million in 
fiscal 1993.  The increase in fiscal 1994 sales was due to Navstar 
sales; as Integrated Digital Services Terminal (IDST) and Analog sales 
were slightly higher in fiscal 1994, and only partially offset a decline 
in Synchronization sales.  The Telecom Solutions increase in fiscal 1993 
sales was primarily due to higher Synchronization and IDST unit volume.

    LMI's net sales increased by $8.3 million (27%) to $39.2 million in 
fiscal 1994 and by $4.2 million (16%) to $30.9 million in fiscal 1993 
primarily due to higher unit volume.

    Gross profit margin, as a percentage of net sales, was 42%, 40% and 
34% in fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.  In fiscal 1994, the 
higher gross profit margin percentage resulted primarily from increased 
unit volume and other manufacturing efficiencies at LMI which offset a 
shift to lower margin products and decreased manufacturing efficiencies 
at Telecom Solutions.  In fiscal 1993, the gross profit margin 
improvement was attributable to increased unit volume, other 
manufacturing efficiencies and a shift to higher margin products for 
both operations.  Future gross profit margins will largely depend on 
product mix and manufacturing efficiencies.

    Research and development expense increased to $11.5 million (or 12% 
of sales) in fiscal 1994 from $8.4 million (10% of sales) and $5.9 
million (or 9% of sales) in fiscal 1993 and 1992, respectively.  The 
increase in fiscal 1994  was primarily due to research and development 
employee additions at both operations.  In fiscal 1993, the increase in 
research and development expense was primarily attributable to employee 
additions at Telecom Solutions.

    Selling, general and administrative expense increased by 15% to 
$21.4 million (or 22% of sales) in fiscal 1994 from $18.6 million (or 
21% of sales) in fiscal 1993 and by 29% in fiscal 1993 from $14.4 
million (or 21% of sales) in fiscal 1992. The increase in fiscal 1994 
was due to continued development of a Telecom Solutions international 
presence, establishment of a LMI marketing department and higher selling 
expenses associated with increased sales.  In fiscal 1993, the dollar 
increase was principally due to higher selling expenses associated with 
higher sales.

    Operating income of $8.3 million in fiscal 1994 increased by 5% 
from fiscal 1993 operating income of $7.9 million which increased by 
155% from fiscal 1992 operating income of $3.1 million.  The increase 
in fiscal 1994 was due to higher LMI operating income which more than 
offset the decrease in Telecom Solutions operating income, and the 
increase in fiscal 1993 was due to higher operating income from both 
operations.  See Note N of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

    Interest expense was $0.6 million in fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992.  
Interest income, attributable to interest earned on cash and cash 
equivalents, was $0.4 million in fiscal 1994 and 1993 and $0.3 million 
in fiscal 1992.

    The Company's effective tax rate was 19% in fiscal 1994 and 22% 
in fiscal 1993 and 1992.  The effective tax rate was lower than the 
statutory tax rate due to a reduction in the valuation allowance for 
deferred tax assets based on the Company's assessment of future 
realizability of such assets, and the benefit of having a portion of the 
Company's income taxed at lower rates in Puerto Rico.  In addition, 
during fiscal 1993, the Company recorded a provision for taxes on prior 
years unremitted earnings of its Puerto Rico subsidiary which was 
substantially offset by the reduction of previously provided taxes as a 
result of resolving all outstanding Internal Revenue Service 
examinations.  The effective tax rate may be higher in future years as 
the rate is dependent on the Company's ability to realize its deferred 
tax assets and the percentage of Puerto Rico earnings to total earnings.  
In addition, certain provisions of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act 
of 1993 may result in less favorable tax treatment for Puerto Rico 
earnings. 

    As a result of the factors discussed above, net income in fiscal 
1994 was $6.6 million, or $.43 per share, compared to net income of 
$6.0 million, or $.40 per share, in fiscal 1993 and net income of $2.2 
million, or $.16 per share, in fiscal 1992.

    Management does not believe inflation has had a significant effect 
on operations.

    Future Company operating results will largely depend upon the 
Company's ability to implement new technologies and products, changes in 
product mix and manufacturing efficiencies.  Future Telecom Solutions 
operating results will continue to be highly dependent on receipt of 
orders during the applicable fiscal period.  Future LMI operating 
results will also be subject to the cyclical nature of the semiconductor 
industry.

    The Company's future earnings and stock price may be subject to 
significant volatility.  Any shortfall in sales or earnings from levels 
expected by securities analysts and investors could have an immediate 
and significant adverse effect on the trading price of the Company's 
common stock.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

    Working capital increased by $9.2 million to $38.5 million at June 
30, 1994, from $29.3 million at June 30, 1993, while the current ratio 
increased to 3.9 to 1.0 from 3.3 to 1.0.  During the same period, cash 
and cash equivalents increased to $21.3 million from $18.2 million 
primarily due to $8.2 million in cash provided by operating activities 
and $1.0 million in cash received from stock option exercises, offset by 
$3.6 million used for capital expenditures and $2.0 million used for the 
acquisition of Navstar. Inventory increased $2.4 million substantially 
due to the purchase of certain components by the Company's Telecom 
Solutions operation in anticipation of possible shortages.  At June 30, 
1994, the Company had $7.0 million of unused credit available under its 
bank line of credit which expires in December 1995.


    The Company believes that cash and cash equivalents, funds 
generated from operations and funds available under its bank line of 
credit will be sufficient to satisfy working capital and capital 
equipment requirements in fiscal 1995.  At June 30, 1994, the Company 
had no material outstanding commitments to purchase capital equipment.



QUARTERLY RESULTS AND STOCK MARKET DATA (UNAUDITED)


                          First    Second     Third    Fourth     Total
                         Quarter   Quarter   Quarter   Quarter    Year
                                                         (A)
                         _______   _______   _______   _______   _______
                             (In thousands, except per share amounts)

Fiscal Year 1994:
  Net sales              $24,034   $25,011   $24,368   $24,972   $98,385
  Gross profit            10,420    10,811     9,911    10,078    41,220
  Operating income         2,428     2,402     2,100     1,401     8,331
  Earnings before 
   income taxes            2,380     2,307     2,032     1,406     8,125
  Net earnings             1,723     1,670     1,471     1,687     6,551
  Net earnings per 
   common and common 
   equivalent share          .11       .11       .10       .11       .43

  Common stock 
   price range (B):
    High                  18-1/8    17        10-1/2     8-5/8    18-1/8
    Low                   13-1/2     7-7/8     7-1/2     6-5/8     6-5/8

Fiscal Year 1993:
  Net sales              $21,116   $21,646   $22,067   $23,084   $87,913
  Gross profit             7,565     8,596     9,130     9,638    34,929
  Operating income         1,656     1,880     2,142     2,262     7,940
  Earnings before 
   income taxes            1,608     1,813     2,094     2,209     7,724
  Net earnings             1,301     1,467     1,523     1,710     6,001
  Net earnings per 
   common and common 
   equivalent share          .09       .10       .10       .11       .40

  Common stock price range (B):
    High                   5-1/4    10-3/8    14-7/8    17-3/8    17-3/8
    Low                    4-1/8     4-3/4     8-7/8    12-1/8     4-1/8


(A) The 1994 fourth quarter includes a reduction of income taxes of 
approximately $670,000, $.04 per share, resulting in a decrease of 
the Company's annual effective tax rate from 27.6% to 19.4%.


(B) The Company's common stock trades on the Nasdaq Stock Market 
System under the symbol SYMM.  At June 30, 1994, there were 
approximately 1,639 shareholders of record.  Common stock prices are 
closing prices as reported on the Nasdaq Stock Market System.  The 
Company has not paid cash dividends during the last two fiscal years 
and has no present plans to do so.

FIVE YEAR SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA




                                        Year ended June 30,
                            1994      1993      1992      1991      1990
                         _______   _______   _______   _______   _______
                              (In thousands, except per share amounts)

Operating Results:
  Net sales:
    Telecom Solutions    $59,215   $57,031   $42,094   $28,950   $22,491
    Linfinity 
    Microelectronics 
    Inc.                  39,170    30,882    26,704    33,018    35,715
                         _______   _______   _______   _______   _______
      Total               98,385    87,913    68,798    61,968    58,206

  Operating income         8,331     7,940     3,136     2,574     2,317
  Earnings before 
   income taxes            8,125     7,724     2,825     2,055     1,146
  Net earnings             6,551     6,001     2,194     1,801     1,146
  Net earnings per 
   common and common 
   equivalent share          .43       .40       .16       .14       .09

Balance Sheet:
  Cash and cash 
   equivalents            21,250    18,232    10,146     7,482       955
  Working capital         38,503    29,348    20,661    16,092    10,768
  Total assets            69,054    58,954    48,231    43,097    41,253
  Non-mortgage debt           --        --        --        --       851
  Long-term debt           5,818     5,865     5,907     5,945     4,884
  Shareholders' equity    46,786    38,102    30,185    27,264    25,098




CORPORATE DIRECTORY

Directors                                 Telecom Solutions Officers

William D. Rasdal 1                            D. Ronald Duren
Chairman of the Board                     President and Chief Operating 
and Chief Executive Officer               Officer
Symmetricom, Inc
                                          M.J. Narasimha, Ph.D.
                                          Vice President, Technology
Paul N. Risinger
Vice Chairman                             Dale Pelletier
Symmetricom, Inc.                         Vice President, Operations

Howard Anderson 2,3 
Managing Director                         Rick Stroupe
The Yankee Group                          Vice President, Sales

Allen M. Peterson 1,2,3                        Toney C. Warren
Professor (emeritus),                     Vice President, Strategic 
Electrical Electrical                     Planning 
Stanford University

                                          Linfinity Microelectronics 
                                          Inc. Officers

Robert M. Wolfe 1,2,3                          Brad P. Whitney
Telecommunications                        President and Chief Operating 
Network Consultant                        Officer

1  Member, Executive Committee             Ralph Brandi
2  Member, Audit Committee                 Vice President, Sales
3  Member, Stock Option and 
   Compensation Committee

                                                   Shufan Chan
Corporate Officers                         Vice President, Development 
William D. Rasdal
Chairman of the Board                      Mark Granahan
and Chief Executive Officer                Vice President, Marketing

Paul N. Risinger                           Kelly Jones
Vice Chairman                              Vice President, Manufacturing

J. Scott Kamsler
Vice President, Finance,                   Corporate Counsel
Chief Financial Officer
and Secretary                              Wilson, Sonsini, Goodrich &
                                           Rosati
                                           Palo Alto, California


                                           Independent Auditors

                                           Deloitte & Touche LLP
                                           San Jose, California


                                           Transfer Agent & Registrar

                                           Chemical Trust Company of 
                                           California
                                           San Francisco, California





Locations

Symmetricom, Inc.
Corporate Headquarters
85 West Tasman Drive
San Jose, California 95134-1703
Telephone:  408-943-9403
Fax:  408-428-7896

Telecom Solutions
85 West Tasman Drive
San Jose, California 95134-1703
Telephone:  408-433-0910
Fax:  408-428-7897

NavSymm
85 West Tasman Drive
San Jose, California 95134-1703
Telephone:  408-486-6338
Fax:  408-428-7998

Linfinity Microelectronics Inc.
11861 Western Avenue
Garden Grove, California 92641-2119
Telephone:  714-898-8121
Fax:  714-898-2781

Telecom Solutions Puerto Rico, Inc.
Industrial Park, Building 7
P.O. Box 1046
Aguada, Puerto Rico 00602-1046
Telephone:  809-868-3535
Fax:  809-868-4466

Telecom Solutions (Europe) Limited
3 The Billings
Walnut Tree Close
Guildford, Surrey, GU1 4UL
England
Telephone:  44-483-451122
Fax:  44-483-451133

Navstar Systems Ltd.
Mansard Close
Westgate
Northampton NN5 5DL 
England
Telephone:  44-604-585588
Fax:  44-604-585599


Form 10-K
Shareholders may obtain a copy of 
Symmetricom's 1994 annual report on 
Form 10-K as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission,
without charge, by writing to:
Investor Relations, Symmetricom, Inc.,
85 West Tasman Drive, San Jose,
California 95134-1703


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.11 NAVSTAR LEASE
<TEXT>

1


DATED                                                              1994
_______________________________________________________________________







                        BAKER HUGHES LIMITED       (1)


                      NAVSTAR SYSTEMS.LIMITED      (2)

                         SYMMETRICOM INC           (3)








_______________________________________________________________________

                               UNDERLEASE

                                   of

                       Premises at Mansard Close
                      Westgate Interchange Estate
                              Northampton
_______________________________________________________________________








                             Osborne Clarke
                        30 Queen Charlotte Street
                            Bristol BS99 7QQ

                               78/3580l4



                          PARTICULARS

1.    DATE OF THIS DEED               day Of                  1994

2.    LEASE OR UNDERLEASE           UNDERLEASE

3.    LANDLORD                      BAKER HUGHES LIMITED (Company 
                                    Number 1388658) whose registered 
                                    office is at Hammersley House 5-8 
                                    Warwick Street London WlR 5RA

4.     TENANT                       NAVSTAR SYSTEMS LIMITED (Company 
                                    Number 2801218 ) whose registered 
                                    office is at 3 The Billings 
                                    Walnut Tree Close Guildford Surrey

5.     SURETY                       SYMMETRICOM INC whose registered 
                                    office is at 85 West Tasman Drive 
                                    San Jose, California 95134-1703

6.     SITE                         premises at Mansard Close Westgate 
                                    Interchange Estate Northampton as 
                                    shown edged blue on the annexed plan

7.     DEMISED PREMISES             premises at the site as shown edged 
                                    red on the annexed plan

8.     DATE OF COMMENCEMENT
       OF TERM                      5th day of April 1994

9.     LENGTH OF TERM               10 years

10.    EXPIRY DATE OF TERM          4th day of April 2004

11.    RENT(S) as they may be
       reviewed under the Third
       Schedule                     72,000  pounds per annum

12.    RENT COMMENCEMENT DATE       5th day of October 1994

13.    RENT REVIEW DATE             29th September 1995 and 29th 
                                    September 2000 

14.    USER                         Any use falling within Class III 
                                    and/or Class X of the Town and 
                                    Country Planning (Use Classes) Order 
                                    1972

15.    HEAD LEASE                   means a Lease of the Site dated the 
                                    19th December 1985 made between 
                                    Strathclyde Regional Council (1) and 
                                    the Landlord (then called Baker 
                                    International Limited) and 
                                    references herein to superior leases 
                                    shall include the Head Lease

16.    HEAD LANDLORD                means any person  from time to time 
                                    entitled (whether immediately or 
                                    not) to the reversion expectant on 
                                    the determination of the term 
                                    granted by the Head Lease and 
                                    references herein to superior 
                                    landlord shall include the Head 
                                    Landlord

17.    SCHEDULE OF CONDITION        means a schedule of the condition of 
                                    the Demised Premises and the Common 
                                    Parts agreed between the Landlord 
                                    and the Tenant's respective 
                                    surveyors and annexed hereto 


THIS LEASE made on the date stated in the Particulars B E T W E E N

(1)   the Landlord specified in the Particulars ("the Landlord")
(2)   the Tenant specified in the Particulars ("the Tenant") 
WITNESSES:-
1.    Definitions
      ___________
IN this Lease the following expressions (where the context so admits) 
shall have the following meanings:-

"the Particulars"                   The details on the preceding pages 
                                    headed "Particulars"

"the Plan"                          The plan or plans specified in the 
                                    Particulars

"the Term"                          The term mentioned in the 
                                    Particulars

"the Termination Date"              The date of expiration or sooner 
                                    determination of the Term 

"the Demised Premises"              The whole and every part of the land 
                                    described in the Particulars
                                    together with everything for the 
                                    time being on the land and/or 
                                    appurtenant to it (excluding any 
                                    tenants fixtures and fittings and 
                                    any matters the property of 
                                    statutory undertakings) provided 
                                    that the wall separating the 
                                    said premises from the adjoining 
                                    building on the Site shall be 
                                    included only to the extent of the 
                                    median line thereof

"Conduit"                           Any sewers drains pipe wires ducts 
                                    cables and other conducting media or 
                                    other thing within the Demised 
                                    Premises by means of which gas 
                                    electricity water soil or any other 
                                    facility service or matter may pass

"Requisite Notice"                  A notice  in writing to the Tenant 
                                    forty eight hours before any entry 
                                    is made on the Demised Premises or 
                                    such notice to the Landlord before 
                                    any entry is made on the Site (as 
                                    the case may be) PROVIDED THAT in 
                                    the case of an emergency no notice 
                                    shall be required

"the Insured Risks"                 The risks insured against under 
                                    Clause 4.1

"Landlord"                          shall include the person entitled 
                                    for the time being to the reversion 
                                    of this Lease

"Tenant"                            shall (unless the context otherwise 
                                    admits) include the Tenant's 
                                    successors in title and if it is an 
                                    individual his personal 
                                    representatives

"Surety"                            shall include if it is an individual 
                                    his personal representatives

"Interest"                          Interest at the rate of 3% above 
                                    Bank of Scotland Base Rate for the 
                                    time being payable on any monies due 
                                    and payable by the Tenant to the 
                                    Landlord (if due payment is not made 
                                    by the Tenant within 14 days of 
                                    demand) from the date of demand by 
                                    the Landlord until the date of 
                                    payment to the Landlord

"Act"                               Shall mean every Act of Parliament 
                                    (whether specifically named herein 
                                    or not) which may be relevant to the 
                                    Demised Premises its user or 
                                    anything on the Demised Premises the 
                                    persons employed thereon or having 
                                    recourse thereto whether or not in 
                                    force at the date hereof and shall 
                                    include any statutory re-enactment 
                                    or modification thereof and any 
                                    order regulation directive bye law 
                                    rule consent or licence granted or 
                                    required thereunder or by any Public 
                                    or local authority or by any court 
                                    of competent jurisdiction

"Common Parts"                      shall mean all ways passages roads 
                                    pavements sewers drains sanitary 
                                    apparatus pipes gutters watercourses 
                                    walls structures fences and other 
                                    conveniences which shall belong to 
                                    or be used by or in connection with 
                                    the Demised Premises in common with 
                                    the remainder of the Site and other 
                                    premises near or adjoining thereto

2.   IN THIS LEASE
     _____________
     2.1.   The details and descriptions appearing in the Particulars 
            shall be included and form part of the Lease
     2.2.   If there shall be more than one person included in the 
            expression "Tenant" or "Surety" the covenants by them shall 
            be joint and several 
     2.3.   Where any act is prohibited the Tenant shall not allow or 
            suffer such act to be done 
     2.4.   Where the Landlord or any other person exercises any rights 
            to enter the Demised Premises under this Lease unless 
            specifically provided herein to the contrary the person 
            exercising such right will forthwith make good any damage 
            caused to the Demised Premises but neither such person nor 
            the Landlord shall be liable for any other compensation

3.  DEMISE
    ______
THE Landlord DEMISES to the Tenant ALL THOSE the Demised Premises 
TOGETHER with so far as the Landlord has title to grant the same the 
easements and rights specified in the First Schedule EXCEPTING AND 
RESERVING to the Landlord the rights and easements specified in the 
Second Schedule TO HOLD the Demised Premises to the Tenant from and 
including the Date of Commencement of Term for the Term SUBJECT to all 
rights easements privileges restrictions and stipulations of whatever 
nature and other matters referred to in the documents (if any) specified 
in the Fifth Schedule YIELDING AND PAYING
     3.1.   yearly  and proportionately for any fraction of a year from 
            and including the Rent Commencement Date the rents specified 
            in Clause 11 of the Particulars and from and including each 
            of the rent review dates referred to in the Particulars such 
            other rent as may become payable under the provisions of the 
            Third Schedule to be paid (by bankers order if the Landlord 
            so requires) by equal quarterly payments in advance on the 
            usual quarter days in every year the first such payment to 
            be made today and to be in respect of the period from and 
            including the Rent Commencement Date to the quarter day 
            following whichever is the later of today's date and the 
            Rent Commencement Date save that for the purposes of this 
            Clause 3.1 for the period from the first rent review date 
            until the fifth anniversary of the date hereof the Tenant 
            shall pay the rent specified in the Particulars instead of 
            the reviewed rent
     3.2.   the insurance rent as determined pursuant to Clause 4 hereof 
            and Interest and all other sums whatsoever as shall become 
            payable by the Tenant to the Landlord under the provisions 
            of  this Lease which are all hereby reserved as rent 
     3.3.   on demand as further or additional rent a due proportion (to 
            be reasonably determined by the Landlord) of the reasonable 
            costs and expenses properly incurred (including those 
            required under or by virtue of any Act of Parliament or 
            local Bye-Law or any enactment or statutory instrument for 
            the time being in force or by any competent public or local 
            authority or otherwise) of repairing maintaining rebuilding 
            lighting and cleansing all Common Parts and to keep the 
            Landlord indemnified against all such reasonable costs and 
            expenses as aforesaid and all reasonable costs and fees of 
            professional advisers reasonably and properly incurred in 
            connection therewith PROVIDED THAT the Tenant shall not be 
            obliged or be liable to pay a due proportion of the costs 
            and expenses of:-
            3 3.1.    putting and keeping the Common Parts in any 
                      better condition than that shown in the Schedule 
                      of Condition 
            3.3.2.    or remedying any damage to the Common Parts due 
                      to any defect or deterioration in the Common Parts 
                      which is the direct or indirect result of any 
                      fault in the initial design  the siting or the 
                      method of construction of the Common Parts  or 
                      any part or parts thereof

4.   INSURANCE
     _________
     4.1.   Subject to the Tenant paying the premium in accordance with 
            the provisions of this clause the Landlord hereby covenants 
            with the Tenant that the Landlord will procure the insurance 
            of the Demised Premises and the remaining part or parts of 
            the Site subject to such excesses exclusions or limitations 
            as the Head Landlord or its Insurers require in such 
            reputable insurance office or with such underwriters and 
            through such agency as the Head Landlord may from time to 
            time decide in the full reinstatement value of the Demised 
            Premises or such higher value as the Tenant may reasonably 
            require including Architects and Surveyors and other 
            professional fees and incidental expenses against:-
            4.1.1.    Loss or damage by fire explosion storm tempest 
                      (including lightning) flood burst pipes impact 
                      and (in peacetime) aircraft and articles dropped 
                      therefrom riot civil commotion and malicious 
                      damage and such other risks which the Landlord 
                      may from time to time deem necessary or such 
                      other risks against which insurance has been 
                      effected 
            4.1.2.    Public Liability of the Landlord and the Head 
                      Landlord arising out of or in connection with any 
                      matter involving or relating to the Demised 
                      Premises and the remaining part or parts of the 
                      Site
            4.1.3.    The loss of rent payable under this Lease from 
                      time to time (having regard to any review of rent 
                      which may become due under this Lease) for three 
                      years or such longer period as the Head Landlord 
                      may from time to time reasonably consider to be 
                      sufficient for the purposes of planning and 
                      carrying out any such reinstatement
     4.2.   The Tenant shall pay to the Landlord on demand the amount of 
            the premium for insuring the Demised Premises against the
            Insured Risks from the Date of Commencement of Term as 
            reasonably determined by the Landlord
     4.3.   At the reasonable request of the Tenant the Landlord will 
            produce evidence of such insurance and of the payment of the 
            last premium
     4.4.   If any part of the Demised Premises or any part of the Site 
            over which rights are granted to the Tenant is damaged by 
            any of the Insured Risks and becomes unfit for occupation 
            and use and the policy or policies of insurance shall not 
            have been vitiated or payment refused in whole or part as a 
            result of some act or default of the Tenant then the rents 
            or a fair proportion of the rents according to the nature 
            and extent of the damage shall be suspended until the 
            Demised Premises or such parts of the Common Parts shall be 
            fit for occupation and use or accessible and the Landlord 
            shall forthwith repay to the Tenant any rent paid in advance 
            in respect of a period after the date of such destruction or 
            damage and any dispute regarding the cesser of rent shall be 
            referred to a single arbitrator to be appointed in default 
            of agreement upon the application of either party by the 
            President for the time being of the Royal Institution of 
            Chartered Surveyors under the Arbitration 
            Acts 1950 to 1979
            4.4.1.    If the Demised Premises or any part of the Site 
                      over which rights are granted to the Tenant are 
                      damaged by any of the Insured Risks then unless 
                      payment of the insurance monies shall be refused 
                      in whole or part by reason of any act or default 
                      of the Tenant or anyone under its control and the 
                      Tenant does not comply with Clause 4.4.2. hereof 
                      and subject to the Head Landlord being able to 
                      obtain all necessary consents the Landlord hereby 
                      covenants with the Tenant that the Landlord will 
                      use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that the 
                      Head Landlord lays out the proceeds of such 
                      insurance in reinstating the Demised Premises and 
                      any part of the Site over which rights are granted 
                      to the Tenant and the Tenant will pay to the 
                      Landlord on demand with Interest (if appropriate) 
                      the amount equivalent to any excess which may be 
                      applicable to such insurance
            4.4.2.    If the payment of any insurance monies is refused 
                      in whole or in part as provided in Clause 4.4.1 by 
                      any act or default of the Tenant or anyone under 
                      its control then the Tenant will pay to the 
                      Landlord on demand and with Interest (if 
                      appropriate) the amount so refused
     4.5.   The Tenant will not do anything which may prejudice any 
            policy of insurance for the time being in force in respect 
            of any part of the Demised Premises or any part of the Site 
            over which rights are granted to the Tenant or which may 
            result in such insurance becoming void or voidable or the 
            rate of premium under such insurances being increased 
            (unless previously authorised by the Landlord the Head 
            Landlord and the insurers and the Tenant shall elect to 
            pay the increased premium) and the Tenant will at all 
            times comply with all requirements of the insurers of the 
            Demised Premises
     4.6.   The Tenant will keep the Demised Premises supplied with such 
            fire fighting equipment as the insurers of the Demised 
            Premises and the competent Fire Authority may require or 
            as the Landlord may reasonably require and maintain such 
            equipment to the satisfaction of all such persons
     4.7.   The Tenant will not store especially inflammable or 
            explosive substances or goods at the Demised Premises or 
            obstruct the access to any fire fighting equipment or the 
            means of escape from or over the Demised Premises and in the 
            event of anything happening which might affect any insurance 
            policy relating to the Demised Premises forthwith to give 
            notice to the Landlord
     4.8.   The Tenant will insure in the joint names of the Landlord 
            the Head Landlord and the Tenant all plate glass (if any) in 
            the Demised Premises against breakage or damage in its full 
            reinstatement value for the time being with an insurance 
            office or underwriters approved in writing by the Landlord 
            (such approval not to be unreasonably refused or delayed) 
            and will produce to the Landlord on demand (but not more 
            than once in any period of twelve months) evidence of such 
            insurance and the payment of the current years premium and 
            all monies received from such insurance shall be laid
            out as soon as possible in reinstating the plate glass and 
            any deficiency will be made up from the Tenants own monies 
            and subject hereto the Tenant will not effect any insurance 
            over the Demised Premises in respect of any of the Insured 
            Risks
     4.9.   The Tenant will on demand repay to the Landlord the 
            reasonable and proper costs incurred in obtaining valuations 
            of the Demised Premises for insurance purposes from time to 
            time but no more frequently than once every three years

5.   TENANT'S OBLIGATIONS
     ____________________
THE Tenant COVENANTS with the Landlord:
     5.1.   Rents
            To pay the rents reserved by this Lease without deduction in 
            accordance with its terms and in the event that any rent 
            shall be unpaid for more than fourteen days after the due 
            date (and in the case only of the rent reserved by Clause 
            3.1 hereof whether formally demanded or not) to pay 
            Interest
     5.2.   5.2.1.    Repair and Decoration
                      _____________________
                      Subject to the provisions of Clause 5.2.6 at all 
                      times to repair and to keep the Demised Premises 
                      in good and substantial repair and condition free 
                      from all defects and to yield up the same at the 
                      Termination Date in accordance with the covenants 
                      by the Tenant contained in this Lease (damage by 
                      any of the Insured Risks excepted unless payment 
                      of the insurance moneys shall be withheld in whole 
                      or in part by reason solely or in part of any act 
                      or default of the Tenant its servants or agents) 
                      PROVIDED THAT the Tenant shall not be obliged to 
                      put or keep the Demised Premises in any better 
                      condition than as set out in the Schedule of 
                      Condition
            5.2.2.    To keep the Demised Premises (including any part 
                      unbuilt on) and all conduits in a clean and tidy 
                      condition and properly cleansed and free from 
                      obstruction and in particular to clean all the 
                      windows (both inside and out) and all other glass 
                      in the Demised Premises monthly
            5.2.3.    Decoration
                      __________
                      Without prejudice to the generality of the 
                      foregoing
                      5.2.3.1.    during the first year and every 
                                  succeeding third year and in the last 
                                  six months of the Term (PROVIDED THAT 
                                  the Tenant shall not be liable so to 
                                  do more frequently than once every 24 
                                  months) to paint and otherwise treat 
                                  as the case may be all the outside of 
                                  the Demised Premises usually so 
                                  treated in a workmanlike manner to the 
                                  reasonable satisfaction of the Head 
                                  Landlord in colours to be approved by 
                                  the Head Landlord AND as often as in 
                                  the reasonable opinion of the Landlord 
                                  may be necessary and in any event 
                                  during the last three months of the 
                                  Term to clean all external surfaces of
                                  the Demised Premises and to repoint 
                                  any brickwork
                      5.2.3.2.    during the second year and every 
                                  succeeding fifth year and in the last 
                                  six months of the Term (Provided That 
                                  the Tenant shall not be liable so to 
                                  do more frequently than once every 
                                  twenty four months) to paint and 
                                  otherwise treat as the case may be all 
                                  the inside wood and metal work of the 
                                  Demised Premises usually painted or 
                                  otherwise treated in a workmanlike 
                                  manner to the reasonable satisfaction 
                                  of the Landlord and also clean all 
                                  other inside parts of the Demised 
                                  Premises and to paint or paper in a 
                                  workmanlike manner all walls and 
                                  ceilings of the Demised Premises 
                                  usually painted or papered as the 
                                  case may be such decorations in the 
                                  last three months of the Term to be 
                                  executed in such colours patterns and 
                                  materials as the Head Landlord may 
                                  require
                      5.2.3.3.    Where painting is required under any 
                                  of the preceding paragraphs in the 
                                  case of exterior painting it shall 
                                  consist of a priming coat and three 
                                  coats of good quality paint and in 
                                  the case of interior painting three 
                                  coats of good quality paint and in 
                                  every case materials of good quality 
                                  only shall be used
            5.2.4.    To repair or replace forthwith by new articles of 
                      similar kind and quality any fixtures fittings or 
                      plant or equipment (other than tenants or trade 
                      fixtures and fittings) in the Demised Premises 
                      which shall become in need of repair or 
                      replacement
            5.2.5.    To keep any part of the Demised Premises which 
                      may not be built upon adequately surfaced in 
                      good condition properly mowed (if grass) and 
                      free from weeds and all lanascaped areas 
                      properly cultivated 
            5.2.6.    The Tenant's liability to keep the Demised 
                      Premises in good and substantial repair and 
                      condition shall not apply to damage due to any 
                      defects or deterioration in the Demised Premises 
                      which is the direct or indirect result of any 
                      fault in the initial design the siting or the 
                      method of construction of the Demised Premises 
                      and/or the building or any part or parts thereof
     5.3.   Alterations and additions
            _________________________
            5.3.1. That no new building or new structure of any kind 
                   shall at any time be erected upon any part of the 
                   Demised Premises  
            5.3.2. Not to make any internal or external alterations 
                   or additions to any part of the Demised Premises and 
                   not to cut maim or remove structural parts of the 
                   Demised Premises and not to make any change in the 
                   existing design or appearance of the Demised Premises 
                   PROVIDED ALWAYS that the Tenant may with the prior 
                   written consent of the Landlord (such consent not to 
                   be unreasonably withheld or delayed) carry out 
                   internal non-structural alterations to any buildings 
                   for the time being erected on the Demised Premises
     5.4.   User
            _____
            At all times during the said term to use the Demised 
            Premises for the User specified in the Particulars and 
            not to use the same or any part for any other purpose
     5.5.   Alienation
            __________
            5.5.1. Not to assign charge or underlet or part with or 
                   share the possession or occupation of any part or 
                   parts (as distinct from the whole) of the Demised 
                   Premises and not to agree so to do
            5.5.2. Not to underlet part with or share possession of the 
                   whole of the Demised Premises or agree so to do or 
                   permit anyperson to occupy the same save by way 
                   of an assignment of the whole of the Demised 
                   Premises in accordance with theprovisions 
                   hereinafter contained
            5.5.3. Without prejudice to the foregoing provisions of 
                   this sub-clause not to assign or charge the whole 
                   of the Demised Premises without the previous written 
                   consent of the Landlord such consent not to be 
                   unreasonably withheld or delayed
            5.5.4. On any assignment to procure that the Assignee 
                   enters into a covenant with the Landlord to pay 
                   the rents reserved byand perform and observe the 
                   covenants on the part of the Tenant contained in 
                   this Deed
            5.5.5. If the Landlord  shall  reasonably so require to 
                   obtain acceptable Guarantors for any person to 
                   whom this Lease is to be assigned who shall covenant 
                   with the Landlord in the terms (mutatis mutandis) 
                   set out in the Fourth Schedule hereto
            5.5.6. Not to vary the terms of or accept any surrender of
                   any underlease permitted under this clause (or agree 
                   so to do) without the Head Landlord's and the 
                   Landlord's written consent (such consent not to be 
                   unreasonably withheld or delayed)
            5.5.7. Within one month after the transmission of any 
                   interest under this Lease or derivative on it or 
                   the execution of any document dealing with such 
                   interest to produce to and leave with the Landlord 
                   the Deed instrument or other document evidencing or 
                   effecting such dealing or transmission together with 
                   the Landlord's registration fee of 20 and with such 
                   reasonable registration fee as the Head Landlord may 
                   require PROVIDED THAT registration of any such deed 
                   instrument or other document shall be evidence of 
                   notification of such transaction to the Landlord but 
                   shall not require the Landlord to consider the terms 
                   of such transaction or of the said deed instrument or 
                   other document and shall not be evidence that it has 
                   done so
     5.6.  Entry
           _____
           5.6.1.     To permit the Landlord and all persons authorised 
                      by it at all reasonable times upon Requisite 
                      Notice to enter upon the Demised Premises:
                      5.6.1.1.    to examine their condition and to take 
                                  schedules of repairs and the like and 
                                  inventories of and fittings plant and 
                                  machinery 
                      5.6.1.2.    to execute any works of construction 
                                  repair decoration or of any other 
                                  nature on any adjoining or 
                                  neighbouring premises and to carry 
                                  out any repairs decorations or other 
                                  work which the Landlord must or may 
                                  carry out under the provisions of this 
                                  Lease upon or to the Demised Premises 
                     5.6.1.3.     for any other reasonable and proper 
                                  purpose connected with the interest of 
                                  the Landlord in the Demised Premises 
                                  including (without prejudice to the 
                                  generality of the foregoing) for the 
                                  purpose of valuing or disposing of any 
                                  interest of the Landlord or any 
                                  superior landlord or doing anything 
                                  which may be reasonably necessary to 
                                  prevent a forfeiture of any superior 
                                  lease for the time being affecting the 
                                  Demised Premises 
                     5.6.1.4.     in the last six months of the Term to 
                                  affix a sign or signs indicating that 
                                  the Demised Premises are to let unless 
                                  the Tenant enjoys a statutory right to 
                                  renew this Lease 
                    5.6.1.5.      The person or persons exercising the 
                                  right of entry  contained in this 
                                  Clause 5.6.1. shall cause as little 
                                  interference with the Tenant's use 
                                  and/or enjoyment of the Demised 
                                  Premises and/or the Tenant's business 
                                  as reasonably possible and forthwith 
                                  make good all damage thereby caused to 
                                  the reasonable satisfaction of the 
                                  Tenant and the right of entry is 
                                  subject thereto
           5.6.2.   If as a result of an inspection or otherwise the 
                    Landlord becomes aware of any breaches of covenant 
                    by the Tenant hereunder the Landlord may give notice 
                    in writing thereof to the Tenant and within two 
                    months after every such notice or sooner if 
                    reasonably required the Tenant shall remedy such 
                    breach of covenant in accordance with such notice 
                    and the covenants contained in this Lease to the 
                    reasonable satisfaction of the Landlord AND if the 
                    Tenant shall fail within two months of such notice 
                    or immediately in case of emergency to commence and 
                    to diligently and expeditiously continue to comply 
                    with such notice or if the Tenant shall at any time 
                    make default in the performance of any of the 
                    covenants contained in this Lease for or relating 
                    to the repair decoration or maintenance of the 
                    Demised Premises then (without prejudice to the 
                    right or re-entry and forfeiture hereinafter 
                    contained) the Landlord may enter upon the Demised 
                    Premises pursuant to and subject to the provisions 
                    of Clause 5.6.1 hereof and carry out or cause to be 
                    carried out all or any of the works referred to in 
                    such notice or remedy the default of the Tenant and 
                    in such circumstances the Landlord shall be under 
                    no liability to make good any damage whatsoever 
                    and all reasonable costs of all such works and all 
                    expenses properly incurred in remedying such 
                    defaults in each case together with Interest (if 
                    applicable) shall be paid by the Tenant to the 
                    Landlord on demand 
     5.7.  Town and Country Planning Acts and Acts Generally
           _________________________________________________
           5.7.1.   To comply with al1 Acts (including without 
                    prejudice to the generality of the foregoing the 
                    Town and Country Planning Acts 1971 to 1991)
           5.7.2.   At its expense to obtain from the appropriate 
                    authorities all licences consents and permissions 
                    as may be required for the carrying out by the 
                    Tenant of any operations or use on any part of the 
                    Demised Premises 
           5.7.3.   Not to make any application for planning permission 
                    without first producing a copy of the same and 
                    obtaining the prior written consent of the Landlord 
                    to such application which consent shall not be 
                    unreasonably withheld or delayed 
           5.7.4.   Notwithstanding any consent which may be granted by 
                    the Landlord under this Lease not to carry out or 
                    make any alteration or addition to the Demised 
                    Premises or any change of use thereof (being an 
                    alteration addition or change of use for which a 
                    planning permission needs to be obtained) before a 
                    planning permission therefor has been produced to 
                    the Landlord and acknowledged by it in writing as 
                    being satisfactory to it such acknowledgement 
                    (subject to the proviso contained in this sub-
                    clause) not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed 
                    PROVIDED ALWAYS that the Landlord may refuse so to 
                    express its satisfaction with any such planning 
                    permission on the ground that the period thereof 
                    or anything contained therein or omitted therefrom 
                    in the reasonable opinion of the Head Landlord or 
                    its Surveyor would be or be likely to be prejudicial 
                    to the Head Landlords interest in the Demised 
                    Premises whether during the said term or following 
                    the expiration thereof or likely to involve the Head 
                    Landlord in liability to Development Land Tax or 
                    any similar or substituted tax or charge on 
                    development gains 
           5.7.5.   Unless the Landlord shall otherwise in writing 
                    direct to carry out before the Termination Date 
                    any works stipulated to be carried out to the 
                    Demised Premises as a condition of any planning 
                    permission which may have been granted during the 
                    Term and implemented by the Tenant or any other 
                    person whether or not the date by which the 
                    planning permission requires such works to be 
                    carried out falls within the Term
           5.7.6.   In any case where a Planning Permission granted 
                    is granted subject to conditions and if the Head 
                    Landlord reasonably so requires to provide 
                    reasonable security for the compliance with such 
                    conditions and such planning permission shall not 
                    be implemented until such security shall have been 
                    provided
           5.7.7.   If reasonably required by the Landlord but at 
                    the cost of the Tenant to appeal to the Secretary 
                    of State against any refusal of planning permission 
                    or the imposition of any conditions on a planning 
                    permission in either case made pursuant to an 
                    application therefor under this sub-clause PROVIDED 
                    THAT the Tenant shall not be obliged to appeal 
                    against the decision of the Secretary of State 
           5.7.8.   Within seven days of the receipt of notice thereof 
                    to give full particulars to the Landlord of any 
                    permission notice order or proposal relevant to 
                    the Demised Premises or to the use thereof given to 
                    the Tenant or the occupier of the Demised Premises 
                    (together with a copy of any notice permission 
                    letter or document) under the Planning Acts or any 
                    Act and without delay to take all necessary steps 
                    to comply therewith with the written approval of 
                    the Landlord (such approval not to be unreasonably 
                    withheld or delayed) and also at the request of the 
                    Landlord to make or join with the Landlord in making 
                    such objections and representations against or in 
                    respect of any such notice order or proposal as 
                    aforesaid as the Landlord shall reasonably require 
                    the cost of which is to be shared equally between 
                    the Landlord and the Tenant 
     5.8.  Outgoings Costs and Fees
           ________________________
           5.8.1.   To pay and discharge all existing and future rates 
                    taxes duties charges assessments impositions and 
                    outgoings whatsoever and whether or not of a non-
                    recurring nature (hereinafter called "outgoings") 
                    which now are or may be charged levied assessed or 
                    imposed upon the Demised Premises or upon the owner 
                    or occupier thereof and to pay bear and discharge 
                    the proportion properly attributable to the Demised 
                    Premises of any outgoings as may be charged levied 
                    assessed or imposed upon any premises of which the 
                    Demised Premises form part (such proportion to be 
                    reasonably determined by the Surveyor for the time 
                    being to the Landlord) and not to make any claim 
                    for relief against outgoings payable in respect of 
                    the Demised Premises without the Landlords prior 
                    written consent such consent not to be unreasonably 
                    withheld or delayed 
           5.8.2.   To pay to the Landlord all costs charges and 
                    expenses(including professional advisers costs and 
                    fees) incurred by any superior Landlord and/or 
                    reasonably and properly incurred by the Landlord
                    5.8.2.1.   In or in contemplation of any proceedings 
                               under Sections 146 or 147 of the Law of 
                               Property Act 1925 including the 
                               preparation and service of notice 
                               thereunder (notwithstanding forfeiture 
                               is avoided otherwise than by relief 
                               granted by the Court)
                    5.8.2.2.   In the preparation and service of a 
                               Schedule of Dilapidations at any time 
                               during the Term or within three months 
                               after the Term expires 
                    5.8.2.3.   In  respect of any application for 
                               consent required by this Lease whether 
                               or not such consent be granted 
           5.8.3.   If any payments of rent or otherwise are to be made 
                    by the Tenant under this Lease (hereafter in this 
                    clause called "the Payments") to the Landlord or 
                    any person on the Landlord's behalf the Tenant 
                    shall pay by way of further rent any Value Added 
                    Tax which is or may become payable in respect of 
                    the Payments together with Interest unless in the 
                    case of third party costs charges and expenses the 
                    same are recoverable by the Landlord as Input Tax 
                    and irrecoverable by the Tenant Provided Always 
                    that wherever appropriate the person to whom the 
                    Payments are made shall as a condition of payment 
                    supply the Tenant with  the appropriate V.A.T. 
                    invoice 
     5.9.  General Requirement concerning use
           __________________________________
           5.9.1.   Not to use any part of the Demised Premises for any 
                    noxious noisy or offensive trade or business or 
                    for any illegal or immoral act or purpose nor for 
                    any sale by auction and not to commit any nuisance 
                    or do anything which may be or become an 
                    inconvenience or cause damage or disturbance to the 
                    Landlord or any other person PROVIDED THAT this 
                    shall not restrict or prohibit the Tenant using 
                    the Demised Premises for the User authorised herein
           5.9.2.   Not to allow empty containers or rubbish of any
                    description to accumulate upon the Demised 
                    Premises nor to discharge into any Conduit any 
                    deleterious matter or any substance which might be 
                    or become a source of danger or injury to the 
                    drainage system of the Demised Premises or any 
                    other property or person 
           5.9.3.   Not to use any part of the Demised Premises in 
                    such manner as to subject it to any strain or 
                    interference which is not reasonable or is in 
                    excess of that which the Demised Premises were 
                    designed to bear and not to install machinery on 
                    the Demised Premises which shall be unduly noisy 
                    or cause vibration
           5.9.4.   Not to do anything on the Demised Premises which 
                    might reasonably be expected to produce directly or 
                    indirectly corrosive fumes or vapours or moisture 
                    or humidity in excess of that which the Demised 
                    Premises were designed to bear and are otherwise 
                    reasonable
           5.9.5.   Not to erect or display any mast or pole flag 
                    signboard advertisement inscription bill placard 
                    or sign whatsoever on the Demised Premises or the 
                    windows thereof so as to be seen from the exterior 
                    without the previous written consent of the Landlord 
                    which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed 
                    in respect of a sign stating the Tenant's name and 
                    business or profession (such sign if the Landlord so 
                    requires to be removed and any damage caused thereby 
                    made good by the Tenant at the Termination Date)
           5.9.6.   To comply with all reasonable regulations made by 
                    the Landlord (in the interest of good estate 
                    management) or the Head Landlord from time to time 
                    for the management of the Demised Premises and/or 
                    any land or premises used or to be used in common or 
                    jointly with any other person
           5.9.7.   Not to load or unload any vehicle unless the vehicle 
                    shall be in a loading area provided for that purpose 
                    and not to obstruct or damage any access ways roads 
                    or landscaped areas in or leading to the Demised 
                    Premises 
           5.9.8.   To give written notice to the Landlord of any defect 
                    in the Demised Premises which might give rise to an 
                    obligation on the Landlord to do or refrain from 
                    doing any act or thing in order to comply with the 
                    duty of care imposed on the Landlord pursuant to the 
                    Defective Premises Act 1972 and at all times to 
                    display and maintain all notices which the Tenant 
                    is from time to time required under the provisions 
                    of any Act to display at the Demised Premises or the 
                    Head Landlord reasonably requires to be so displayed 
           5.9.9.   Not to stop up or paint out any windows at the 
                    Demised Premises and not to permit any encroachment 
                    upon the Demised Premises or the acquisition of any 
                    new right to light passage drainage or other 
                    easement over any part of the Demised Premises and 
                    to give immediate written notice to the Landlord of 
                    any threat of such encroachment or acquisition and 
                    at the Landlord's written request to take such 
                    action as the Landlord may reasonably require to 
                    prevent such encroachment or acquisition 
     5.10.      New Guarantor
                _____________
           Within fourteen days of the death during the Term of any 
           person who has or shall have guaranteed to the Landlord the 
           Tenants obligations contained in this lease or of such person 
           becoming bankrupt or having a Receiving Order made against 
           him or being a Company passing a Resolution to wind up or 
           entering into liquidation (other than for the purpose of 
           reconstruction or amalgamation whilst solvent) then to give 
           notice thereof to the Landlord and if so required by the 
           Landlord at the expense of the Tenant within twenty eight 
           days to procure some other person acceptable to the Landlord 
           to execute a Guarantee in respect of the Tenants obligations 
           contained in this lease in the form set out in the Fourth 
           Schedule hereto
     5.11.      Superior Interests
                __________________
           If this lease shall at any time be an underlease:
           5.11.1.  Any provision for consent or approval of the 
                    Landlord shall be deemed to be subject to the 
                    consent or approval of all superior landlords 
                    and the costs and expenses of obtaining such 
                    consents (whether or not consent is forthcoming) 
                    shall be repaid by the Tenant to the Landlord on 
                    demand
           5.11.2.  To comply with all the Tenants covenants contained 
                    in the Head Lease so far as they relate to the 
                    Demised Premises (but not those expressly assumed 
                    by the Landlord in this Lease or the covenant 
                    contained in clause 5.2.3.1 of the Head lease])
     5.12       Indemnity
                _________
           The Tenant will keep the Landlord fully indemnified against 
           all damages losses reasonable costs expenses proceedings and 
           liabilities purposes properly arising directly or indirectly 
           out of the existence state of repair or user of the Demised 
           Premises any breach of the Tenants covenants herein contained 
           or any failure to comply with the Planning Acts or any other 
           Act and against any liability for any tax levy charge or 
           other fiscal imposition of whatsoever nature including 
           penalties and interest on overdue tax (and penalties for 
           failure to give appropriate notices and information as 
           properly required under the provision of any Acts) for which 
           the Landlord shall be liable as a result of any material 
           development carried out by or on behalf of the Tenant on the 
           Demised Premises and shall on demand pay to the Landlord the 
           amount of any such sum and (if applicable) Interest PROVIDED 
           THAT this clause shall not impose upon the Tenant a greater 
           liability to keep the Demised Premises in good and 
           substantial repair and condition than that imposed by clause 
           5.2 hereof 

6.   THE Landlord COVENANTS with the Tenant as follows:-
     6.1.  Quiet Enjoyment
           _______________
           That the Tenant paying the rents hereby reserved and 
           observing and performing its covenants and conditions 
           contained in this Lease may peaceably and quietly hold and 
           enjoy the Demised Premises without any lawful interruption 
           by the Landlord or any person rightfully claiming through 
           under or in trust for it
     6.2.  To pay the rents reserved by any superior lease (including 
           the Head Lease) for the time being in force on the due dates 
           for payment thereof and to observe and perform all the 
           covenants on its part contained in any superior lease 
           (including the Head Lease) insofar as the same are not to 
           be observed and performed by the Tenant in accordance with 
           the provisions of this Lease
     6.3.  To take reasonable and necessary steps to ensure that the 
           Head Landlord complies with the covenants and agreements 
           on its part contained in the Head Lease to enable the 
           Tenant to have the continued use and enjoyment and benefit 
           of all the obligations contained in such covenants and 
           agreements during the Term so far as such covenants and 
           agreements relate or to affect the Demised Premises
     6.4.  Subject to the Tenant paying to the Landlord the sums due in 
           accordance with Clause 3.3 hereof to keep the Common Parts 
           and all fixtures and fittings therein and additions thereto 
           in a good state of repair and decoration and condition 
           including renewal and replacement of all worn and damaged 
           parts including in particular but without prejudice to the 
           generality of the foregoing to maintain the surface or any 
           roads and pavements and keeps the same properly lit PROVIDED 
           THAT the Landlord shall act fairly and reasonably in carrying 
           out its obligations hereunder at all times and shall manage 
           and maintain the Common Parts economically and efficiently 
           and in  the interests of good estate management 
     6.5.  That the Landlord will forthwith following the destruction or 
           damage of the Demised Premises or the Common Parts due to 
           any defect or deterioration in the Demised Premises or Common 
           Parts which is the direct or indirect result of any fault in 
           the initial design the siting or the method of the 
           construction of the Demised Premises or the Common Parts 
           and/or the building or any part or parts thereof use all 
           reasonable endeavours to reinstate and/or rebuild the 
           Demised Premises or the Common Parts
     6.6.  That the Landlord will use all reasonable endeavours 
           following destruction or damage to the Demised Premises or 
           the Common Parts without delay to obtain all necessary 
           consents and approvals to enable the reinstatement and/or 
           rebuilding to be carried out.
     6.7.  That the Landlord will at all times repair and keep the 
           remainder of the site in good and substantial repair and 
           condition.

7.   PROVIDED ALWAYS AND IT IS HEREBY AGREED AND DECLARED as follows:
     7.1.  Re-entry
           ________
           Notwithstanding and without prejudice to any other remedies 
           and powers herein contained or otherwise available to the 
           Landlord if the rents hereby reserved or any part thereof 
           shall be unpaid for twenty eight days after becoming payable 
           whether formally demanded or not or if any covenant on the 
           Tenant's part or condition contained in this Lease shall not 
           be performed or observed or if the Tenant for the time being 
           (being a Company) shall enter into liquidation whether 
           compulsory or voluntary (save for the purpose of 
           reconstruction or amalgamation whilst solvent) or pass a 
           resolution for winding up (save as aforesaid) or suffer a 
           Receiver to be appointed or being an individual or being more 
           than one individual any one of them shall have a Receiving 
           Order made against him or become bankrupt or if the Tenant 
           (or if there shall be more than one Tenant any of them) shall 
           enter into composition with their or his creditors then and 
           in any such case it shall be lawful for the Landlord at any 
           time thereafter to re-enter upon the Demised Premises or any 
           part thereof in the name of the whole and thereupon this 
           demise shall absolutely determine but without prejudice to 
           any right of action or remedy of the Landlord in respect of 
           any breach non-observance or non-performance of any of the
           Tenant's covenants or any condition herein contained 
     7.2.  Service of Notices
           __________________
           7.2.1.  Any demand or notice to be served on the Tenant or 
                   any Surety hereunder shall be validly served if sent 
                   by first class post addressed to the Tenant or the 
                   Surety respectively at its registered office or its 
                   last known address or at the Demised Premises
           7.2.2.  Any notice to be served on the Landlord shall be 
                   validly served if sent by first class post addressed 
                   to the Landlord at its registered office 
     7.3.  Adjoining land
           ______________
           Nothing in this Lease shall prevent the Landlord and all 
           persons authorised by it without requiring any consent 
           from or making any compensation to the Tenant dealing as 
           it or they may think fit with any land or buildings 
           adjacent or near to the Demised Premises and erecting or 
           suffering to be erected on any part of such land any 
           buildings or structures whatsoever and making any 
           alterations or additions and carrying out any demolition 
           or rebuilding whatsoever which it or they may think fit 
           subject to such buildings alterations or additions not 
           affecting or diminishing the light or air or any right 
           and easement specified in the First Schedule hereto which 
           may now or at any time during the Term be enjoyed by the 
           Demised Premises
     7.4.  No liability in damages
           _______________________
           The Head Landlord shall not in any circumstances incur any 
           liability in respect of damage to person or property or 
           otherwise howsoever by reason of any act neglect default 
           or misfeasance of the Head Landlord or their servants 
           employees agents or independent contractors or by reason 
           of any accidental damage which may at any time be done 
           to the Demised Premises or to any of the goods persons or 
           property of the Tenant or any other person in performance 
           of any services for the Tenant at the Tenant's request
     7.5.  Failure to Perform Obligation
           _____________________________
           The Landlord shall not in any event be liable to the 
           Tenant in respect of any failure of the Landlord to 
           perform any of its obligations to the Tenant hereunder 
           whether expressed or implied (other than those contained 
           in Clause 4 hereof) unless the Tenant has so notified the 
           Landlord and the Landlord has failed within a reasonable 
           time to remedy the same
     7.6.  Statutory Compensation
           ______________________
           Except where any statutory provision prohibits the Tenant's 
           right to compensation being reduced or excluded by agreement 
           the Tenant shall not be entitled to claim from the Landlord 
           on quitting the Demised Premises or any part thereof any 
           compensation under the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954
     7.7.  Exclusion of Riqhts not Granted
           _______________________________
           Nothing herein contained shall operate expressly or impliedly 
           to confer upon or grant to the Tenant any easement right 
           or privilege other than those expressly hereby granted and 
           set out in the First Schedule hereto
     7.8.  If Navstar Systems Limited shall assign this Lease to an 
           assignee (in this clause called "the  assignee") then 
           forthwith upon the completion of an assignment of this lease 
           by the assignee Navstar Systems Limited and Symmetricom Inc 
           shall be released from any further liability under the terms 
           hereof and the Landlord shall at the Tenant's cost execute 
           such deed of release as the Tenant and/or the Surety shall 
           reasonably require Provided that the assignee is not a 
           group company of the original Tenant within the meaning of 
           Section 42 of the Landlord and Tenant Act 1954 
     7.9.  If the Demised Premises any part thereof or any part of the 
           Common Parts over which rights are granted to the Tenant 
           shall at any time be destroyed or damaged due to any defect 
           or deterioration in the Demised Premises or the Common Parts 
           which is the direct or indirect result of any fault in the 
           initial design the siting or the method of construction of 
           the Demised Premises and/or the building or any part or 
           parts thereof or the Common Parts then the rent reserved 
           or a fair and just proportion thereof according to the 
           nature and extent of the damage shall be suspended until 
           the Demised Premises or such parts of the Common Parts over 
           which rights are granted to the Tenant shall be fit for 
           occupation and use or accessible and the Landlord shall 
           forthwith repay to the Tenant such rent paid in advance in 
           respect of the period after the date of such destruction or 
           damage and any dispute regarding the cesser of rent shall be 
           referred to a single arbitrator to be appointed in default 
           of agreement upon the application of either party by the 
           President for the time being of the Royal Institution of 
           Chartered Surveyors under the Arbitration Acts 1950-1979.
     7.10.1.    In this clause 7.10 the following expressions shall 
                have the following meanings:-
           7.10.1.1. "Rent first reserved" means the Rent first reserved 
                     from time to time pursuant to clause 3.1 hereof; 
                     and 
           7.10.1.2. "VAT" means any Value Added Tax or other tax 
                     replacing or supplementing the same from time to 
                     time 
     7.10.2.    In the event of the Head Landlord serving on the Tenant 
                notice under Section 6 of the Law of Distress Amendment 
                Act 1908 or any statutory enactment replacing the same 
                requiring the Tenant to pay the Rent first reserved 
                direct to the Head Landlord then in respect of any 
                period when the Tenant is required to pay the Rent 
                first reserved direct to the Head Landlord the Rent 
                first reserved shall be deemed to be inclusive of 
                any VAT charged assessed or payable thereon
     7.11       If the tenant shall desire to determine the Term at 
                the expiration of the fifth sixth seventh or ninth 
                years thereof then the Tenant shall serve notice on 
                the Landlord as follows:-
     7.11.1     if the tenant shall desire to determine the Term at 
                the expiration of the fifth year of the Term the Tenant 
                shall serve not less than six months previous notice in 
                writing of such desire (such notice to specify that the 
                Term is to determine on the expiration of the fifth year 
                of the Term); and 
     7.11.2.    if the Tenant shall desire to determine the Term at the 
                expiration of the sixth or the seventh or the ninth 
                years of the Term the Tenant shall serve not less than 
                nine months previous notice in writing of such desire 
                (such notice to specify when the Term is to determine)
         and the Term shall thereupon cease at the end of the year of 
         the Term specified in the Tenant's notice and the Landlord 
         shall refund to the Tenant all sums by way of rent paid in 
         advance for any period beyond that date but without prejudice 
         to the rights or remedies of either party against the other 
         in respect of any antecedent claim for breach of covenant

8.   COVENANTS BY SURETY
     ___________________
THE Surety HEREBY COVENANTS with the Landlord in the terms set out
in the Fourth Schedule hereto
IN WITNESS the parties hereto have executed these presents on the date 
specified in Paragraph 1 of the Particulars

                  THE FIRST SCHEDULE above referred to
                  ____________________________________
                      (Rights and Easements Granted)
                      _____________________________
The right (insofar as the Landlord has power to grant the same) for 
the Tenant in common with the Landlord any superior landlords those 
authorised by any of them and all others having the same right to:-
1.   For the purpose only of access to and egress from the Demised 
     Premises to pass and repass with or without vehicles at all 
     times over the roadways comprised in the Site and to use any 
     areas within the Site so allocated for the loading and 
     unloading of vehicles subject always to compliance by the Tenant 
     with all reasonable rules and regulations for the use thereof 
     prescribed from time to time by the Landlord and provided that 
     no obstruction is caused to any car parking spaces on the Site 
2.   To pass and repass on foot only over and along the footways 
     comprised in the Site as a means of access to and egress from 
     the Demised Premises 
3.   Free and uninterrupted passage of services and facilities 
     through the Conduits which are now or may at any time during 
     the Term serve the Demised Premises with the right to construct 
     and maintain new Conduits for the benefit of the Demised 
     Premises (but not to construct new Conduits in on or under 
     any new buildings now or hereafter to be erected on the Site) 
     the right to repair maintain and renew such existing and new 
     Conduits and the right at any time but on Requisite Notice to 
     enter (or in the Landlord's absence but in emergency only to 
     break and enter) the Site subject to the Tenant forthwith 
     making good any damage caused in the exercise of this right 
4.   The right of support and protection for the Demised Premises from 
     the Site and any buildings now or hereafter to be erected on 
     the Site 
5.   Such rights of access to and entry upon the Site as are necessary 
     for the proper performance of the Tenant's obligations hereunder 
     or as may be required to remedy a failure by the Landlord to 
     observe and perform its obligations in this Lease or in the Head 
     Lease 

                  THE SECOND SCHEDULE above referred to
                  _____________________________________
                     (Rights and Easements Excepted)
                     _______________________________
The following rights and easements are excepted and reserved out of 
the Demised Premises to the Landlord any superior landlords and their 
respective tenants and the occupiers of any adjoining or neighbouring 
premises and all other persons authorised by the Landlord or any 
superior landlord or having the like rights and easements:
1.     The free and uninterrupted passage of services and facilities 
through the Conduits which are now or may at any time during the Term 
be in the Demised Premises with the right to construct and maintain 
new Conduits for the benefit of any adjacent or nearby premises (but 
not to construct new Conduits in on or under any buildings now or 
hereafter to be erected on the Demised Premises) the right to repair 
maintain and renew such existing and new Conduits and the right at 
any time but on Requisite Notice to enter (or in the Tenant's absence 
but in emergency only to break and enter) the Demised Premises subject 
to the Landlord forthwith making good any damage caused in the exercise
of this right
2.     The right to build rebuild or execute any other works upon any 
adjacent or nearby premises in such manner as the Landlord may think 
fit subject to the Landlord not affecting or diminishing the access 
or enjoyment of light or air to or in respect of the Demised Premises 
or any right and easement specified in the First Schedule hereto 
SUBJECT to the Landlord giving Requisite Notice and forthwith making 
good any damage caused in the exercise of this right 
3.     The support and protection from the Demised Premises enjoyed by 
buildings now or hereafter to be erected 
4.     The right to build on or into any perimeter wall of the Demised 
Premises and after giving Requisite Notice to enter the Demised 
Premises to place and lay in under and upon the same such footing 
for any intended wall or structure with the foundations therefor as 
the Landlord shall think proper and for such purpose to excavate the 
Demised Premises along the line of the junction between the Demised 
Premises and any adjoining premises And also the right to erect and 
use scaffolding upon the Demised Premises for such purposes PROVIDED 
THAT the Landlord shall (a) not interfere with or restrict the 
Tenant's access to or enjoyment or use of the Demised Premises or 
any part thereof and (b) forthwith make good any damage caused
5.     The right at any time on Requisite Notice to enter (or during 
the Tenant's absence but in emergency only to break and enter) the 
Demised Premises in order to (a) inspect or view the condition of the 
Demised Premises (b) to carry out work upon any adjacent premises and 
(c) to carry out any repairs or other Work or do anything which the 
Landlord and/or the Head Landlord must or may carry out or do under the 
provisions of this Lease or the Head Lease respectively

                  THE THIRD SCHEDULE above referred to
                  ____________________________________
                      (Provisions for Rent Review)
                      ____________________________
1.   In this Schedule the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings:
1.1. "the Rent Review Date" the date specified in the Particulars
1.2. "open market rent" shall mean the best yearly rent for which 
     the Demised Premises could reasonably be expected to be let 
     with vacant possession on the Relevant Review Date (as 
     hereinafter defined) in the open market by a willing lessor 
     to a willing lessee without taking a fine or premium for a term 
     of Ten years from the Relevant Review Date with provisions 
     similar to those contained in the Head Lease for Rent Review 
     every five years and otherwise upon the terms and conditions 
     (save that the extent of the demised premises and rights granted 
     shall be as are herein contained and save also as to the amount 
     of rent) as are contained in this Lease and on the assumption 
     (if not the fact) that the Demised Premises shall be ready for 
     immediate beneficial occupation and that all the Tenant's and 
     the Landlord's covenants shall have been complied with but 
     there being disregarded:
     1.2.1.    any effect on rent of the fact that the Tenant or an
               undertenant may have been in occupation of the Demised 
               Premises 
     1.2.2.    any goodwill attached to the Demised Premises by reason 
               of any trade or business carried on therein by the 
               Tenant or any undertenant
     1.2.3.    any effect of any improvement made by the Tenant for 
               the time being after the date hereof otherwise than 
               in pursuance of an obligation to the Landlord 
     1.2.4.    Any effect of the Works carried out pursuant to a 
               Licence to Carry Out Works dated the 11th day of April 
               1994 made between Strathclyde Regional Council of the 
               first part the Landlord of the second part the Tenant 
               of the third part and the Surety of the fourth part 
2.   From and after the Relevant Rent Review Date the rent first 
     reserved shall be whichever is the higher of:
2.1. the yearly rent operative immediately before the Rent Review 
     Date and
2.2. the open market rent of the Demised Premises (hereinafter called 
     "the new rent")
3.   If the Landlord and the Tenant shall be able to agree the new 
rent or when the new rent shall have been determined in accordance 
with the provisions hereof as the case may be a note of the new rent 
shall be endorsed in the Sixth Schedule to this lease and the 
Counterpart hereof and signed by the parties hereto
4.   If three months before the Rent Review Date the Landlord and the 
Tenant shall not have agreed on the new rent payable from the Rent 
Review Date the Landlord or the Tenant may at any time thereafter 
before the rent shall be agreed between the Landlord and the Tenant 
require an independent Surveyor (hereinafter called  "the  Surveyor") 
to determine the open market rent
5.   The Surveyor may be agreed upon by the Landlord and the Tenant 
and in default of such agreement shall be appointed by the President 
for the time being of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors or 
the person designated by such institution for such purpose on the 
application of the Landlord or the Tenant and any reference hereafter 
to the said President shall be deemed to include a reference to such 
officer
6.1. Notice in writing of his appointment shall forthwith be given 
     by the Surveyor to the Landlord and the Tenant and he shall 
     invite each to submit within a specified period (which shall 
     not exceed four weeks) a valuation accompanied if desired by a 
     statement of reasons
6.2. The Surveyor (who shall be a Chartered Surveyor experienced in 
     the letting and/or valuation of premises of a similar nature to 
     and situate in the same region as the Demised Premises and used 
     for purposes similar to those authorised hereunder at the date 
     of his appointment) shall at the option of the Landlord to be 
     notified to the Surveyor and the Tenant in writing within 21 
     days following the receipt by the Landlord of notice from the 
     Surveyor pursuant to paragraph 6.1 hereof act either as an 
     Arbitrator pursuant to the provisions of the Arbitration Act 
     1950 and 1979 or as an expert valuer whose decision shall be 
     final and binding on all persons who are or who have been 
     parties hereto and if the Surveyor shall act as expert he 
     shall invite each party to make written representations within 
     the period specified in paragraph 6.1 of this Schedule and 
     shall invite each party to make observations on such 
     representations within a further specified period (which shall 
     not exceed four weeks)
6.3. The Surveyor shall give notice in writing of his decision to 
     the Landlord and the Tenant within two months of his appointment 
     or within such extended period as may be reasonable
7.   If the Surveyor shall fail to determine the open market rent 
and give notice thereof within the time and in the manner provided 
or if he shall relinquish his appointment or die or if it shall become 
apparent that for any reason he will be unable to complete his duties 
the Landlord may apply to the said President for a substitute to be 
appointed in his place which procedure may be repeated as many times 
as necessary
8.   In the event that by the Rent Review Date the new rent shall 
not have been agreed or determined (whether or not negotiations shall 
have commenced) the Tenant shall continue to pay rent at the rate of 
the current rent on each day appointed by this Lease for payment of 
rent until the new rent shall have been agreed or determined and 
thereupon the Tenant shall pay to the Landlord as arrears of rent an 
amount equal to the difference between the new rent and the rent 
actually paid for the period since the Rent Review Date together with 
interest thereon at the base lending rate for the time being of the 
Bank of Scotland from the Rent Review Date
9.   The fees of the Surveyor shall be shared as the Surveyor shall 
determine
10.  As respects all periods of time referred to in this Schedule time 
shall be deemed not to be of the essence 
11.  If on the Rent Review Date there shall be in force any act which 
shall restrict interfere with or affect the Landlord's right to revise
the rent hereby reserved in accordance with the terms hereof then the 
Landlord shall be entitled once following each removal or modification 
of such Act to serve notice requiring a review of the said rent
(hereinafter called an "interim notice") upon the Tenant and from 
and after the date of service of such interim notice until the end of 
the Term the rent shall be increased to whichever is the higher of the 
open market rent at the date of service of the interim notice and the
rent payable immediately prior thereto and the provisions of this 
Schedule shall apply accordingly with the substitution of the said 
date of service for the Rent Review Date 

                  THE FOURTH SCHEDULE above referred to
                  _____________________________________
The Surety COVENANTS with the Landlord:
1.   That if at any time during the Term the Tenant shall default in 
payment of any of the rents reserved by this lease on the due dates 
or in observing or performing any of the covenants and conditions 
contained in this Lease which the Tenant is obliged to observe and 
perform the Surety will pay the rents or observe or perform the 
covenants or conditions in respect of which the Tenant shall have 
defaulted notwithstanding any time or indulgence granted by the 
Landlord to the Tenant or that the Tenant may have ceased to exist or 
any other act or thing whereby but for this provision the Surety would 
have been released
2.   That if the liquidator or trustee in bankruptcy shall disclaim 
this Lease the Surety will at the request of the Landlord within three 
months after such disclaimer take from the Landlord a Lease of the 
Demised Premises for a term equal to the residue of the Term which 
would have remained had there been no disclaimer at the same rent and 
subject to the same covenants and conditions as are reserved by and 
contained in this Lease (except the requirement that a Surety join 
therein) such lease to take effect from the date of such disclaimer and 
in such case the Surety shall pay the reasonable costs of the Landlord  
in the preparation of such new Lease and execute and deliver a 
counterpart of it to the Landlord
3.   In this Schedule the expression "the Tenant" shall mean only 
Navstar Systems Limited and not any and every person or persons 
company or corporation in whom the term shall for the time being be 
vested
4.   The covenants and guarantees contained in clauses 1 and 2 of 
this Schedule shall (subject to the provisions of clause 3 of this 
Schedule) have effect throughout the Term and also throughout any 
period thereafter during which the Tenant shall occupy the Demised 
Premises and the said covenants and guarantees shall relate to any 
sums greater than the rents hereby reserved which the Tenant shall 
become liable to pay under the terms hereof or of any subsequent deed 
or licence supplemental to this Lease save and except any subsequent 
deed or licence supplemental to this Lease which has the effect of 
extending the contractual term

                  THE FIFTH SCHEDULE above referred to
                  ____________________________________
                 (Deeds to which the demise is subject)
                 ______________________________________
The covenants restrictions reservations conditions and other matters 
contained or referred to in the Property Register and entries numbered 
1 to 4 inclusive of the Charges Register of Title Number NN.85259

                  THE SIXTH SCHEDULE above referred to
                  ____________________________________
                        Memoranda of rent review:
                        _________________________
The rent payable from the first review date specified in the 
particularshas been agreed as Pounds (            ) per annum


                                          Signed______________________
                                          duly authorised signatories 
                                          of the Landlord/Tenant/Surety

The rent payable from the Second review date has been agreed as 
Pounds (           per annum)


                                          Signed_____________________
                                          duly authorised signatories 
                                          of the Landlord/Tenant/Surety

Executed as a Deed by NAYSTAR SYSTEMS 
LIMITED was hereunto affixed (but this 
Deed was not delivered until the date 
hereof) acting by its Secretary and a
Director or two Directors

        Director

        Secretary/
        Director

THE COMMON SEAL OF SYMMETRICON INC 
was hereunto affixed (but this Deed) 
was not delivered until the date 
hereof) in the presence of:-


               Director


              Secretary


                            SYMMETRICOM, INC. 
                     formerly Sillcon General, Inc.




                      To:          Andrea Collins
                      From:        Jane Williamson

                      RE:          Lease
                                   Mansard Close  Northampton

                      Attached please find the duly signed and 
                      sealed above mentioned lease agreement.

                      This is being returned to you via Federal 
                      Express on this date.

                      A copy of this lease agreement has been 
                      filed in our files at Telecom Solutions/ 
                      Symmetricom, Inc.




cc:    Paul Risinger
       Scott Kamsler 





        Date   APril 22, 1994



M Duckham Esq             Oxford House         Telephone (0604) 230400
Navstar Ltd               Cliftonville         Fax (0604)20956 & 230426
Royal Oak Way             Northampton NN1 5PN  DX 12413 Northampton
DAVENTRY                  Direct Fax Line No:  (0604) 32102
Northants  NN11 5PJ



Our Ref:   GLG/sh.18.9
Your Ref:
Date:      18th April 1994



Dear Mike

Mansard Close Northampton
_________________________

I enclose the underlease for sealing by Navstar and Symmetricom. I 
have amended the attestation clause as I believe that Navstar does 
not have a seal.

Can you please return the underlease to me duly sealed and undated 
as soon as possible.





G L GILBERT

Enc





















Ipswich (Martlesham) Milton Keynes Northamtpton Norwich
Associateded Offices: Brussels Gilbraltar The Hague Los Angeles 
New York Oslo


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.10 PUERTO RICO LEASE
<TEXT>

1




PUERTO RICO INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT COMPANY
PO BOX 362350
SAN JUAN, PUERTO RICO  00936-2350
LEASE CONTRACT
		                 PROJECT NO.:T-0796-0-67 AND T-0796-
1-67
                           LOCATION:     AGUADA, PUERTO RICO
	THIS AGREEMENT ENTERED into onby:
AS "LANDLORD", THE PUERTO RICO INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT COMPANY, AND AS 
"TENANT", TELECOM PUERTO RICO, INC. (FORMERLY ZELTEX P.R., 
INC.)
WITNESSETH
	WHEREAS, LANDLORD is the owner of certain landsite and building, 
identified in the Epigraph, hereinafter referred to as the Premises.
	WHEREAS, LANDLORD has agreed to lease to TENANT, and TENANT has 
agreed to hire from LANDLORD the Premises.  
	NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, the 
parties herein agree on this Lease subject to the following:
				TERMS AND CONDITIONS
	ONE:  LANDLORD hereby demises and lets unto TENANT, and TENANT 
hereby leases from LANDLORD the Premises which are fully described 
in Schedule "A" hereto annexed and made a part hereof.
	The Premises are subject to the encumbrances, liens and/or 
restrictions, if any, that may appear from said Schedule "A". 
Furthermore, the air rights of the Premises, are excepted and 
reserved to LANDLORD.
	TWO:  Premises shall be used and occupied exclusively in the 
manufacture of "TELECOMMUNICATION & COMPUTER PRODUCTS". 
	THREE:  TENANT shall hold the Premises for a period of FIVE (5) 
years to commence on October 1st., 1994.
	FOUR:  Commencing on October 1st., 1994, TENANT shall pay to 
LANDLORD an annual rental as follows:
   PERIOD	RENT PER SQUARE FOOT	MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS
                              T-0796-0-67   T-0796-1-67
  10-1-94         $   2.20     $ 2,078.09    $ 2,069.79
                                               
	The monthly installments for rent specified herein, shall be paid in 
advance on the first day of each month at LANDLORD'S office, or at 
any other place that LANDLORD may notify.  In the event that the 
date of commencement does not fall on the first of the month, TENANT 
further agrees to pay the first partial monthly installments, prior 
to, or on the date of commencement.
	FIVE:  The amount of $3,016.62 deposited by TENANT under the 
provisions  of  a previous  Lease  Contract  shall  be credited to 
the $4,147.88 deposit required herein; therefore, simultaneously 
herewith TENANT shall pay $1,131.26 in a Certified Check to 
complete said amount.
 	This deposit shall guarantee the compliance by TENANT of its 
obligations, under this Contract, particularly, but not limited to, 
the payment of rent, the compliance of the environmental clauses 
herein included and the return of the Premises in proper condition 
at the termination of this Lease.  On said termination, if TENANT is 
not in default of any of the terms and conditions of this Contract, 
LANDLORD will return to TENANT the sum of money, if any, held 
pursuant to this provision, after LANDLORD's Environmental Office 
certifies that there are no environmental deficiencies as a result 
of TENANT's manufacturing operation on the demised Premises.
	SIX:  TENANT agrees to have on the date of commencement of the term 
of this Lease a capitalization of $4,500,000.00.
	Likewise TENANT agrees to install within six (6) months from the 
same date manufacturing machinery and equipment with a value of at 
least $2,200,000.00.
	This shall not include the cost of transportation and installation 
thereof, nor its ordinary depreciation after installation; and 
within eighteen (18) months from the date of commencement of the 
term, to employ a minimum of ONE HOUNDRED EIGHTY (180) 
production workers.  	
	The aforementioned levels of capitalization, machinery and equipment 
and employment herein required are not in addition to those required 
in the previous lease contract; and shall be maintained throughout 
the term of this Lease or any extension thereof.
 	SEVEN:  All notices, demands, approvals, consents and/or 
communications herein required or permitted shall be in writing.  If 
by mail should be certified and to the following addresses, to 
LANDLORD: PO BOX 362350, SAN JUAN, PUERTO RICO  00936-2350.  
To TENANT:  
MAX GOLDMAN, ESQ., GOLDMAN, ANTONETTI & CORDOVA, PO BOX 70364,
SAN JUAN, PR 00936-0364

	EIGHT:  Net Lease - This Lease shall be interpreted as a net lease; 
it being the exclusive responsibility of TENANT to pay for all 
operating expenses, utilities, maintenance, expenses, insurance, 
taxes or any other costs, expenses or charges of any nature not 
specifically assumed by LANDLORD hereunder.
	NINE:  Warranty as to use - LANDLORD does hereby warrant that at the 
time of the commencement  of the term of this Lease, the Premises 
may be used by TENANT for the manufacturing purposes herein intended 
which are deemed consistent with the design and construction in 
accordance with the corresponding plans and specifications.
	TEN:  Alterations  -  TENANT shall make no alterations, additions or 
improvements to the Premises without the prior consent of LANDLORD 
and  all  such  alterations,  additions or improvements made by or  
for
TENANT, shall be at TENANT'S own cost and expenses and shall, when
made, be the property of LANDLORD without additional consideration and
shall remain upon and be surrendered with the Premises as a part
thereof at the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease, subject
to any right of LANDLORD to require removal or to remove as provided
for hereinafter.
In the event TENANT asks for LANDLORD'S consent for any
alteration; LANDLORD may at its option, require from TENANT to submit
plans and specifications for said alteration.  Before commencing any
such work, said plans and specifications, if required, shall be filed
with and approved by all governmental agencies having jurisdiction
thereof, and the consent of any mortgagee having any interest in or
lien upon this Lease shall be procured by TENANT and delivered to
LANDLORD if required by the term of the mortgage.
Before commencing any such work, TENANT shall at TENANT'S own cost
and expense, deliver to LANDLORD a General Accident Liability Policy
more particularly described in Article THIRTY (30) hereof, but said
policy shall recite and refer to such work, and in addition thereto, if
the estimated cost of such work in more than FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS
($5,000.00), TENANT shall, at TENANT'S own cost and expense, deliver to
LANDLORD a surety bond, or a performance bond from a company acceptable
to LANDLORD, or a similar bond or other security satisfactory to
LANDLORD, in an amount equal to the estimated cost of such work,
guaranteeing the completion of such work within a reasonable time, due
regard being had to conditions, free and clear of materialmen liens,
mechanics liens or any other kind of lien,encumbrances, chattel
mortgages and conditional bills of sale and in accordance with said
plans and specifications submitted to and approved by LANDLORD.  At
LANDLORD'S option TENANT shall provide a blanket written guarantee in
an amount sufficient to satisfy LANDLORD as to all alterations,
changes, additions and improvements to the Premises in lieu of separate
guarantee for each such project.
TENANT shall pay the increased premium, if any, charged by the
insurance companies carrying insurance policies on said building, to
cover the additional risk during the course of such work.

ELEVEN.  Power Substation - If required by TENANT'S operations,
TENANT shall, at its own cost and expense, construct and/or install a
power substation and connect it to the PUERTO RICO ELECTRICAL POWER
AUTHORITY (PREPA) distribution lines, for voltages up to 13.2 KV; and
to PREPA transmission lines for voltages of 38 KV, all in conformity to
PREPA'S requirements.  Such construction shall, in no event, be
undertaken by TENANT until after LANDLORD has approved the location
thereof, as well as the routing of the power line extension.
TWELVE.  Repairs and Maintenance - TENANT shall, at its own cost
and expense, put, keep and maintain in thorough repair and good order
and safe condition the building and improvements standing upon the
Premises at the commencement of the term hereon or thereafter erected
upon the premises, or forming part of the Premises, and their full
equipment and appurtenances, the side walks areas, sidewalk hoists,
railings, gutters, curbs and the like in from of the adjacent to the
Premises, and each and every part thereof, both inside and outside,
extraordinary and ordinary, and shall repair the whole and each and
every part thereof in order to keep the same at all times during the
term hereof in through repair and good order and safe conditions,
whenever the necessity or desirability therefor may occur, and whether
or not the same shall occur, in whole or in part, by wear, tear,
obsolescence or defects, and shall use all reasonable precautions to
prevent waste, damage or injury, except as provided hereinafter.
LANDLORD and not TENANT, shall be responsible for and shall
promptly correct any defects in the building on the Premises which are
due to faulty design, or to errors of construction not apparent at the
time the Premises were inspected by TENANT for purposes of occupancy by
TENANT; this shall not be interpreted to relieve TENANT of any
responsibility or liability herein otherwise provided, including among
others, for structural failure due to the fault or negligence of
TENANT.
TENANT shall also, at TENANT'S own cost and expense, maintain the
landsite in thoroughly clean condition; free from solid waste (which
includes liquid and gaseous as defined by the Resource Conservation and
Recovery Act), and the Regulation on Hazardous and Non-Hazardous Waste
of the Environmental Quality Board, as amended, rubbish, garbage and
other obstructions.  Specifically, TENANT shall not use said landsite,
nor permit it to be used, as a deposit or as dump for raw materials,
waste materials, hazardous, toxic or non-toxic substances, or
substances of whichever nature.  TENANT shall neither make any
excavation for the purpose of storing, putting away and/or concealing
waste materials of any kind.  Underground storage of
hazardous and/or toxic substances is specifically prohibited.
TENANT shall not do or cause to be done, nor permit on the
Premises anything deemed extra hazardous, nor shall it store in the
Premises flamable or toxic products of any class or kind without taking
the proper precautions and complying with applicable federal and
Commonwealth laws and regulations.

In case TENANT needs to store in the landsite raw materials of a
hazardous and/or toxic nature or hazardous and/or toxic wastes, TENANT
shall notify LANDLORD and secure its prior authorization.  LANDLORD
shall be furnished with a copy of any permit issued for such storage.
Although it is not intended that TENANT shall be responsible for
any decrease in value of the Premises due to the mere passing of time,
or for ordinary wear and tear of surfaces and other structural members
of the building, nevertheless TENANT shall.  (i) replace, with like
kind and quality, doors, windows; electrical, sanitary and plumbing,
fixtures; building equipment and/or other facilities or fixtures in the
Premises which through TENANT's use, fault or negligence, become too
worn out to repair during the life of this Lease, (ii) paint the
property inside and outside as required.
In addition to the foregoing, TENANT shall indemnify and safe
harmless LANDLORD from and against any and all cost, expenses, claims,
losses, damages, or penalties, including counsel fees, because of or
due to TENANT'S failure to comply with the foregoing, and TENANT shall
not call upon the LANDLORD for any disbursement or outlay of money 
whatsoever, and hereby expressly releases and discharges LANDLORD of
and from any liability or responsibility whatsoever in connection
therewith.


THIRTEEN.  Roof Care - TENANT, without the prior consent of
LANDLORD, shall not.  (i) erect or cause to be erected on the roof any
bill board, aerial sign, or structure of any kind, (ii) place any
fixture, equipment or any other load over the roof, (iii) drill any
hole on the roof for whichever purpose, (iv) use the roof for storage,
nor (v) correct any leaks whatsoever, this being LANDLORD'S sole
responsibility.  Furthermore, TENANT shall take all reasonable
precautions to insure that the drainage facilities of the roof are not
clogged and are in good and operable conditions at all times.


FOURTEEN.  Floor Loads - TENANT hereby acknowledges that it has
been informed by LANDLORD that the maximum floor load of the Premises
herein demised is 150 pounds per sq.  ft.  Therefore, TENANT hereby
agrees that in the event the load of the machinery and equipment to be
installed thereat exceeds such maximum load, it shall, at its own cost
and expense, carry out any improvements to the floor of the Premises
which may be necessary to support such additional load; it being
further agreed and understood that construction and/or installation of
such improvements shall not be commenced until after LANDLORD'S
approval of the plans to be prepared therefor by TENANT and thereafter,
after completion of construction and/or installation of said
facilities, they shall be deemed covered by and subject to the
applicable provisions of this Contract; it being further specifically
agreed and understood that upon termination of this Lease, such
facilities shall be removed by TENANT, at its own cost and expense, or
in the alternative, and upon request by LANDLORD, they shall remain as
part of the Premises with no riqht whatsoever on the part of TENANT to
be reimbursed and/or compensated therefor.
FIFTEEN.  Fixtures - TENANT shall not affix to the ceiling, nor to
its supporting joists or columns, nor to any of its walls, any air
conditioning unit, nor any other fixture, without the prior consent of
LANDLORD.
SIXTEEN.  Environmental Protection and Compliance - TENANT agrees,
as a condition hereof, that it will not discharge its solid, liquid or
gaseous industrial and/or sanitary effluent or discharges, either into
the sewer system and/or into any other place until after required
authorizations therefor has been obtained from the Puerto Rico Aqueduct
and Sewer Authority, and/or the Department of Health of Puerto Rico
and/or Environmental Quality Board, and/or any other governmental
agency having jurisdiction thereof and TENANT further agrees and
undertakes to pre-treat any such effluent, prior to discharge thereof
as required by the said Authority, Department and/or governmental
agency with jurisdiction, and/or to install any equipment or system
required, and to fully abide by and comply with any and all requisites
imposed thereby, and upon request by LANDLORD to submit evidence of
such compliance; it being agreed that non-compliance thereof by TENANT
for a period of ninety (90) days after notice, shall be deemed an
additional event of default under the provisions hereof.  Provided,
that no construction and/or installation shall be made until LANDLORD
has approved of it.
TENANT shall also, at TENANT'S own cost and expense, construct and
maintain Premises, processes and/or operating procedures in compliance
with the terms, conditions and commitments specified in any
Environmental Impact Statement, Environmental Assessment or any other
analogous document produced by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico,
Economic Development Administration /LANDLORD as lead agency/ or by any
other governmental agency in connection with the approval or operation
of the project.
TENANT shall also serve LANDLORD with a copy of any lawsuit,
notice of violation, order to show cause or any other regulatory or
legal action against TENANT in any environmental-related case or issue.

TENANT shall also serve LANDLORD with a copy of any permit granted
to TENANT for air emissions, water discharge, solid waste generation,
storage, treatment and/or disposal, and for any hazardous and/or toxic
waste raw materials or by-products used or generated, stored, treated
and/or disposed or any other endorsement, authorization or permit
required to be obtained by TENANT.
TENANT shall also serve LANDLORD with a copy of any filing or
notification to be filed by TENANT with any regulatory agency or any
environmentally related case or issue, especially in any situation
involving underground or surface water pollution, hazardous and/or
toxic waste spillage and ground contamination.  The notification to
LANDLORD shall take place not later than the actual filing of the
pertinent documents with the regulatory agency.


SEVENTEEN.  Improper Use - TENANT, during the term of this Lease
and of any renewal or extension thereof, agrees not to use or keep or
allow the leased Premises or any portion thereof to be used or occupied
for any unlawful purpose or in violation of this Lease or of any
certificate of occupancy or certificate of compliance covering or
affecting the use of the Premises or any portion thereof, and will not
suffer any act to be done or any condition to exist on the Premises or
any portion thereof, or any article to be brought thereon, which may be
dangerous, unless safeguarded as required by law, or which may in law,
constitute a nuisance, public or private, or which may made void or
voidable any insurance then in force on the leased Premises.


EIGHTEEN.  Government Requlations - TENANT agrees and undertakes
to abide by and comply with any and all rules, regulations and
requirements of the Planning Board of Puerto Rico, the Department of
Health, the Environmental Quality Board, the Environmental Protection
Agency (EPA), where applicable and/or of any other governmental agency,
having jurisdiction thereon applicable to TENANT'S operations at the
Premises and/or products to be manufactured thereat, and if requested
by LANDLORD, TENANT shall submit evidence of such compliance; it being
agreed and understood that noncompliance with any and all such rules,
regulations and requisites shall be deemed an additional event of
default under the provisions of this Contract, unless remedied within
thirty (30) days after receipt of notice thereof.
Any and all improvements to the Premises required by any
governmental agency, having jurisdiction thereon so as to carry
TENANT'S operations in accordance with the regulations and requisites
thereof, shall be at TENANT'S own cost and expense, except for any
improvements that may be required as a result of any violation by
LANDLORD that may exist at the effective date hereof other than
violations caused by TENANT or TENANT'S agents.
TENANT further agrees and undertakes to install in the Premises,
at its own costs and expense, such devices as may be necessary to
prevent any hazard, which may be caused or created by its operations
from affecting the environmental integrity of the landsite or causing
any nuisance to adjacent TENANTS and/or the community in general; it
being agreed and understood that creating or causing any such nuisance,
shall be deemed an additional event of default under the provisions of
this Contract.
TENANT further agrees and undertakes to abide by and comply with
any and all rules, regulations and requisites of the Fire Department
relative to the use and storage of raw materials, finished products
and/or inflammable materials, and/or of any other governmental agency,
having jurisdiction thereon applicable to TENANT'S operations at the
Premises, and if requested by LANDLORD, TENANT shall submit evidence of
such compliance; it being agreed and understood that noncompliance by
TENANT with any of the aforementioned rules, regulations and requisites
shall be deemed, in each of such cases, an additional event of default
under the provisions of this Contract, unless remedied within thirty
(30) days after receipt of notice thereof.
If as a consequence of the foregoing dispositions, TENANT need to
make alterations to the Premises, the same shall be done subject to the
dispositions of Article TEN hereof.


NINETEEN.  Use Permit - TENANT agrees to abide by and comply with
any and all conditions and requisites included in the Use Permit which
may be issued by the Puerto Rico Permits and Regulations Administration
(ARPE), and if requested by LANDLORD, shall submit evidence of such
compliance; it being agreed and understood that noncompliance by TENANT
with any and all such conditions and requisites and/or the cancellation
of the said Use Permit shall, in each of such cases, be deemed an
additional event of default under the provisions of this Contract.


TWENTY.  Inspection - TENANT shall permit LANDLORD or LANDLORD'S
agents to enter the Premises at all reasonable time for the purpose of
inspecting the same, or of making repairs that TENANT has neglected or
refused to make as required by the terms, covenants and conditions of
this Lease, and also for the purpose of showing the Premises to persons
wishing to purchase the same, and during the year next preceding the
expiration of this Lease, shall permit inspection thereof by or on
behalf of prospective TENANTS.  If, at a reasonable time, admission to
the Premises for the purposes aforesaid cannot be obtained, or if at
any time an entry shall be deemed necessary for the inspection or
protection of the property, or for making any repairs, whether for the
benefit of TENANT or LANDLORD, LANDLORD'S agents or representatives may
enter the Premises by force, or otherwise, without rendering LANDLORD,
or LANDLORD'S agents or representative liable to any claim or cause of
action or damage by reason thereof, and accomplish such purpose.
The provisions contained in this Article are not to be construed
as an increase of LANDLORD'S obligations under this Lease; it being
expressly agreed that the right and authority hereby reserved does not
impose, nor does LANDLORD assume, by reason thereof, any responsibility
or liability whatsoever for the repair, care of supervision of the
Premises, or any building, equipment or appurtenance on the Premises.


TWENTY ONE.  LANDLORD'S entrv for rePairs and alterations -
LANDLORD reserves the right to make such repairs, changes alterations,
additions or improvements in or to any portion of the building and the
fixtures and equipment which are reputed part thereof as it may deem
necessary or desirable and for the purpose of making the same, to use
the street entrances, halls, stairs and elevators of the building
provided that there be no unnecessary obstruction of TENANT'S right of
entry to and peaceful enjoyment of the Premises, and TENANT shall make
no claim for rent abatement compensation or damages against LANDLORD by
reason of any inconvenience or annoyance arising therefrom.
TWENTY TWO.  LANDLORD excused in certain instances - If, by reason
of inability to obtain and utilized labor, materials or supplies, or by
reason of circumstances directly or indirectly the result of any state
of war, or of emergency duly proclaimed by the corresponding
governmental authority, or by reason of any laws, rules orders,
regulations or requirements of any governmental now or hereafter in
force or by reason of strikes or riots, or by reason of accidents, in
damage to or the making of repairs, replacements or improvements to the
building or any of the equipment thereof, or by reason of any other
cause reasonable beyond the control of LANDLORD, LANDLORD shall be
unable to perform or shall be delayed in the performance of any
covenant to supply any service, such non-performance or delay in
performance shall not be ground to any claim against LANDLORD for
damages or constitute a total or partial eviction, constructive or
otherwise.  It being agreed and understood that the time for completion
of any such construction, shall be extended for a period of time equal
to the number of days of any such delay.

TWENTY THREE.  Quiet Enioyment - TENANT on paying the full rent
and keeping and performing the conditions and covenants herein
contained, shall and may peaceably and quietly enjoy the Premises for
the term aforesaid, subject, however, to the terms of this Lease and

TWENTY FOUR.  Leasehold Improvements - If leasehold improvements
made by or for the benefit of TENANT in the Premises at his request or
other personal property to TENANT are assessable or taxable and a tax
liability is imposed to TENANT or LANDLORD, it is understood that it
shall be the sole responsibility of TENANT to pay such taxes and in no
event shall such taxes be the liability of or be transferable to
LANDLORD.  In the event that by operation of law, such taxes became a
liability of LANDLORD, TENANT shall pay such taxes as they become due
and payable and shall promptly reimburse LANDLORD for any payments or
expenses incurred or disbursed by LANDLORD by reasons of any such
assessment.  Said amount shall be due and payable, as additional rent,
with the next installment of rent.  In the event that TENANT fails to
make this payment when due, it shall be subject to the dispositions of
Article THIRTY SEVEN hereof.


TWENTY FIVE.  Stoppaqe of Operations - It is understood by the
parties hereto that this Lease is made by LANDLORD in furtherance of
the industrialization plans of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and it
is accordingly understood that TENANT will use all reasonable efforts
while this Lease is in effect to maintain a manufacturing operation
upon the Premises, but nothing contained in this paragraph shall be
deemed to require TENANT to maintain such an operation otherwise than
in accordance with sound principles of business management, or (without
limiting the generality of the foregoing) to prevent TENANT from
curtailing such operation or from shutting it down, whenever and as
often as TENANT may, in the exercise of sound business judgment, deem
such action advisable.  However, TENANT shall give to LANDLORD notice
of any necessary or convenient curtailment and/or shut-down, at least
seven (7) days prior to the date fixed therefor except in cases of an
emergency shut-down, in which case such notice shall be given at the
earliest possible time.  No curtailment of operations or shut-down in
accordance with the provisions of this paragraph shall constitute a
default under the provisions of this Contract which will enable
LANDLORD to terminate it, unless such plants shall have been shut-down
for a period of six (6) consecutive months.  A shut-down on account of
unforeseeable event or events which although foreseeable could not be
prevented, shall not constitute a breach of this agreement.
Nothing in this paragraph contained shall relieve TENANT from the
payment of rent during the period of any shut-down or curtailments
of operations.


	TWENTY SIX:  Assignment and Subletting - TENANT shall not assign, 
this Lease nor let or sublet the Premised or any part thereof except 
to its parent company, to a wholly owned subsidiary, to an affiliate 
of TENANT, wholly owned by TENANT'S parent company or to a 
corporation to be organized by TENANT.  In any of these cases, 
TENANT shall promptly notify LANDLORD of said assignment or 
subletting, it being agreed and understood that no such assignment 
or subletting shall:  (i) reduce or, in any way, affect the 
obligations of TENANT under this Lease, nor (ii) release TENANT from 
liability under this Lease.

	TWENTY SEVEN:  "LANDLORD"-  Effect of Conveyance:  The word 
"LANDLORD", as used herein, means only the owner for the event of 
any sale, conveyance or transfer of title of the demised premises, 
LANDLORD shall be and hereby is entirely freed and relieved of all 
covenants and obligations of LANDLORD hereunder, whenever LANDLORD, 
at the time of any sale, conveyance or transfer of title, obtains an 
agreement in writing from the purchaser or transferee assuming the 
performance of all covenants and obligations in this Lease".

	TWENTY EIGHT:  No Representation by LANDLORD - LANDLORD, LANDLORD'S 
agents or employees, or the agents, executives or employees of the 
Economic Development Administration, have made no representations or 
promises with respect to the Premises except as herein expressly set 
forth and no rights, easements or licenses are acquired by TENANT by 
implication or otherwise except as expressly set forth in the 
provisions of this Contract.  The taking possession of the Premises 
by TENANT, shall be conclusive evidence, as against TENANT, that 
TENANT accepts same "AS IS" and that said Premises, particularly 
the building which forms a part of the same, were in good and 
satisfactory conditions at the time such possession was so taken.

TWENTY NINE.  Damages Except as provided in the se ond
subparagraph Twelve herein LANDLORD shall not be responsible for
any latent defect or change of conditions in the Premises resulting
in damage to the same, or the property or person therein, except to
extent of LANDLORD'S gross negligence, and provided such claims or loss
is not covered by insurances herein required from TENANT.  TENANT shall
promptly notify LANDLORD of any damage to or defects in the Premises,
particularly in any part of the building's sanitary, electrical, air
conditioning or other systems located in our passing through the
Premises, and the damage or defective conditions, subject to the
provisions of Article TWENTY ONE (21) hereof, shall be remedied by
LANDLORD with reasonable diligence.


THIRTY.  General Liability Insurance - TENANT shall indemnify,
have harmless and defend LANDLORD and agents, servants and employees of
LANDLORD against and from any and all liability, fines, suits, claims,
demands, expenses, including attorneys' fees, and actions of any kind
or nature arising by reason of injury to person or property including
the loss of use resulting thereof or, violation of law occurring in the
Premises occasioned in whole or in part by any negligent act or
omission on the part of TENANT or an employee (whether or not acting
within the scope of his employment), servant, agent, licensee, visitor,
assignor or undertenant of TENANT, or by any neglectful use or
occupancy of the Premises or any breach, violation or non-performance
of any covenant in this Lease on the part of TENANT to be observed or
performed.
Pursuant to the foregoing, TENANT shall, maintain during the term
of this lease, at its own cost and expense, a Comprehensive General
Liability Policy.  Said policy shall: (i) be for a combined single
limit of no less than $500,000.00 per accident, (ii) hold LANDLORD
harmless against any and all liability as hereinbefore stated, and
(iii) the care, custody & control exclusion shall be deleted from this
coverage.  LANDLORD may require additional reasonable limits of public
liability insurance and coverages, when changing circumstances so
require.


THIRTY ONE.  Property Insurance - TENANT recognizes that the rent
provided for herein does not include any element to indemnify, repair,
replace or make whole TENANT, his employees, servants, agents,
licensees, visitors, assignees, or undertenant for any loss or damage
to any property or injury to any person in the Premises.
Accordingly, during the term of this Lease, TENANT shall keep the
building standing upon the Premises at the commencement of the term
hereof or thereafter erected upon the Premises, including all equipment
appurtenant to the Premises and all alterations, changes, additions and
improvements, insured for the benefit of LANDLORD and TENANT, as their
respective interest may appear, in an amount at least equal to the
percentages stated below (as LANDLORD may from time to time determine).
The basis of the Property Insurance shall be Replacement Cost and the
coverage an "All Risks" Property Insurance Policy.  Coverages included
in the All Risks Form:
1.  Fire - "Building & Contents Form"

(a) Building - 100% of insurable value exclusive of
foundations

(b) Contents - All equipment appurtenant to the
Premises (State value of Policy)

2.  Additional Coverages under the Fire Policy

(a) Extended Coverage Endorsement - 100% of insurable
value exclusive of foundations

(b) Earthquake - 100% of insurable value including
foundations

(c) Vandalism and Malicious Mischief Endorsement

(d) Improvements and Betterments - For all
alterations, changes, additions and improvements

3.  Landsite and Flood whenever applicable and/or necessary

4.  Boiler and Machinery (if any) - 100% of insurable value

5.  Pollution Liability Policy - if necessary.


THIRTY TWO.  Multifactory Building Specific Dispositions - In the
event that the Premises constitute a section or sections of an
industrial building and landsite in which other operations are
conducted by other TENANTS.  (i) the insurance coverage herein
required, shall be acquired by LANDLORD for the whole of the industrial
building and TENANT shall reimburse LANDLORD, for its proportionate
share in the total cost of said policies, (ii) if, because of anything
done, caused or permitted to be done, permitted or omitted by TENANT,
the premium rate for any kind of insurance affecting the Premises shall
be increased, TENANT shall pay to LANDLORD the additional amount which
LANDLORD may be thereby obligated to pay for such insurance, and if
LANDLORD shall demand that TENANT remedy the condition which cause the
increase in the insurance premiums rate, TENANT will remedy such
conditions within five (5) days after such demand, and (iii) the
insurance policies required in the preceding Articles THIRTY (30) &
THIRTY ONE (31) shall be endorsed to include a waiver of subrogation
against TENANT.  All amounts to be reimbursed by TENANT under this
ARticle, shall be due and payable, as additional rent, with the next
installment of rent.  In the event that TENANT fails to make this
payment, when due, it shall be subject to the dispositions of Article
THIRTY SEVEN (37) hereof.


THIRTY THREE.  Additional DisDositions about Insurance - All the
Insurance policies herein required from TENANT, shall be taken in form
and substance acceptable to LANDLORD with insurance companies duly
authorized to do business in Puerto Rico, having a "A" and a higher
financial fatting according to Best's Insurance Report; and shall
include LANDLORD as additional insured.  TENANT shall instruct the
corresponding insurer to deliver such policies or certified copies of
Certificates of Insurance, in lieu of, directly to LANDLORD.  LANDLORD
reserves the right not to deliver possession of the Premises to TENANT,
unless, and until two (2) days after such original policies, or
certified copies or certificates have been deposited with LANDLORD.
Furthermore, said policies, shall.  (i) provide that they may not
be cancelled by the insurer for nonpayment of premium or otherwise,
until at least thirty (30) days after services of notice by registered
or certified mail of the proposed cancellation upon LANDLORD, and (ii)
be promptly renewed by TENANT upon expiration and TENANT shall, within
thirty (30) days after such renewal, deliver to LANDLORD adequate
evidence of the payment of premiums thereon.  If such premiums or any
of them shall not be so paid, LANDLORD may procure the same in the
manner set forth for governmental agencies, and TENANT shall reimburse
LANDLORD any amount so paid.  This reimbursement being due and payable
with the next installment of rent.  In the event that TENANT fails to
make this payment when due, it shall be subject to the dispositions of
Article THIRTY SEVEN (37) hereof.  It is expressly agreed and
understood, that payment by LANDLORD of any such premiums shall not be
deemed to waive or release the default in the payment thereof by TENANT
nor the right of LANDLORD to take such action as may be available
hereunder as in the case of default in the payment of rent.
upon the commencement of the term hereof, TENANT shall pay to
LANDLORD the apportioned unearned premiums on all such policies of
insurance then carried by LANDLORD in respect of the Premises in the
event TENANT continues with the insurance policies placed in LANDLORD.
TENANT shall not violate nor permit to be violated any of the
conditions or provisions of any of said policies, and TENANT shall so
perform and satisfy the requirements of the companies writing such
policies that at all times companies of good standing and acceptable to
LANDLORD shall be willing to write and continue such insurance.

TENANT shall cooperate with LANDLORD in connection with the
collection of any insurance monies that may be due in the event of loss
and shall execute and deliver to LANDLORD such proofs of loss and other
instruments that may be required for the purpose of facilitating the
recovery of any such insurance monies, and in the event that TENANT
shall fail or neglect so to cooperate or to execute, acknowledge and
deliver any such instrument, LANDLORD, in addition to any other
remedies, may as the agent or attorney-in fact of TENANT, execute and
deliver any proof of loss or any other instruments as may seem
desirable to LANDLORD and any mortgagee for the collection of such
insurance monies.  This shall not be interpreted as any waiver of the
obligations of TENANT under Articles THIRTY, THIRTY ONE, THIRTY TWO and
THIRTY THREE hereof or exclusively in favor of LANDLORD under Article
THIRTY NINE hereof.


THIRTY FOUR.  Waivers - The receipt by LANDLORD of the rent,
additional rent, or any other sum or charges payable by TENANT with or
without knowledge of the breach of any covenant of this Contract, shall
not be deemed a waiver of such breach.  No act or omission of LANDLORD
or its agent during the term of this Lease shall be deemed an
acceptance of a surrender of the Premises and no agreement to accept a
surrender of the Premises shall be valid unless it be made in writing
and subscribed by LANDLORD.  This Contract contains all the agreements
and conditions made between the parties hereto with respect to the
Premises and it cannot be changed orally.  Any additions to, or charges
in this Lease must be in writing, signed by the party to be charged.
Failure on the part of LANDLORD to act or complain of any action
or nonaction on the part of TENANT shall not be deemed to be a waiver
of any of its respective rights hereunder nor constitute a waiver at
any subsequent time of the same provision.  The consent or approval by
LANDLORD to, or of any action by the other requiring consent or
approval shall not be deemed to waive or render unnecessary the
consent or approval by LANDLORD of any subsequent similar act.


THIRTY FIVE.  Reinstatement - No receipt of monies by LANDLORD for
TENANT after the termination or cancellation hereof in any lawful
manner shall reinstate, continue or extend the term hereof, or affect
any notice theretofore given to TENANT, or operate as a waiver of the
right of LANDLORD to enforce the payment of rent, additional rent, or
other charges then due or thereafter falling due, or operate as a
waiver of the right of LANDLORD to recover possession of the Premises
by proper suit, action, proceeding or remedy; it being agreed that,
after the service of notice to terminate or cancel this Lease, and the
expiration of the time therein specified, if the default has not been
cured in the meantime, or after the commencement of suit, action or
summary proceedings or of any other remedy, or after a final order,
warrant of judgment of the possession of the Premises, LANDLORD may
demand, receive and collect any monies then due, or thereafter becoming
due, without in any manner affecting sueh notice, proceeding, suit,
action, order, warrant or judgment; and any and all such monies so
collected shall be deemed to be payments for the use and occupation of
the Premises, or at the election of LANDLORD, on account of TENANT'S
liability hereunder.  Delivery or acceptance of the keys to the
Premises, or any similar act, by the LANDLORD, or its agents or
employees, during the term hereof, shall not be deemed to be a delivery
or an acceptance of a surrender of the Premises unless LANDLORD shall
explicity consent to it, in the manner set forth hereinbefore.


THIRTY SIX.  Subordination and Attornment - This Lease is and
shall be subject and subordinate to all liens, or mortgages which may
now or hereafter affect the Premises and to all renewals,
modifications, consolidations, replacements and extensions thereof and,
although this subordination provision shall be deemed for all purposes
to be automatic and effective without any further instrument on the
part of TENANT, TENANT shall execute any further instrument requested
by LANDLORD to confirm such subordination.
TENANT further covenants and agrees that if by reason of a default
upon the part of LANDLORD of any mortgage affecting the Premises, the
mortgage is terminated or foreclosed by summary proceedings or
otherwise, TENANT will attorn to the mortgagee or the purchaser in
foreclosure proceedings, as the case may be, and will recognize such
mortgage or purchaser, as the TENANT'S landlord under this Lease.
TENANT agrees to execute and deliver, at any time and from time to
time, upon the request of LANDLORD or of the mortgagee or the purchaser
in foreclosure proceedings, as the case may be, any reasonable
instrument which may be necessary or appropriate to evidence such
attornment.  TENANT further waives the provision of any statute or rule
of law now or hereafter in effect which may give or purport to give
TENANT any right of election to terminate this lease or to surrender
possession of the Premises demised hereby in the event any such
proceeding is brought by the holder of any such mortgage, and TENANT'S
obligations hereunder shall not be affected in any way whatsoever by
any such proceeding.


TENANT, covenants and agrees, upon demand of the holder of any
mortgage duly recorded or recordable in the corresponding Registry of
the Property or of any receiver duly appointed by the foreclose any
such mortgage, to pay to the holder of any such mortgage or to such
receiver, as the case may be, all rent becoming due under this Lease
after such demand, provided such holder of any such mortgage or any
such receiver complies with the obligations of LANDLORD under this
Lease.
TENANT, upon request of LANDLORD or any holder of any mortgage or
lien affecting the Premises, shall from time to time, deliver or cause
to be delivered to LANDLORD or such lien holder or mortgagee, within
ten (10) working days from date of demand a certificate duly executed
and acknowledged in form for recording, without charges, certifying, if
true, or to extent true, that this Lease is valid and subsisting and in
full force and effect and LANDLORD is not in default under any of the
terms of this Lease.


THIRTY SEVEN.  Late Payments and Payment by LANDLORD - In the
event that (i) TENANT makes late payment, or fails to make payments to
LANDLORD, in whole or in part, of the rent, or of the additional rent,
or of any of the other payments of money required to be paid by TENANT
to LANDLORD, as stipulated in this Lease, when and as due and payable;
or if (ii) LANDLORD, without assuming any obligation to do so, after
any notice or grace period provided hereunder, performs or causes to be
performed, at the cost and expense of TENANT, any of the acts or
obligations agreed to be performed by TENANT, as stipulated in this
Lease, and TENANT fails to refund LANDLORD any amounts of money paid
or incurred by LANDLORD in performing of causing the performance of
such acts or obligations, when and as due and payable, TENANT
undertakes and agrees to pay LANDLORD as additional rent, interest on
such lately paid or unpaid rents, additional rent, and/or on such other
payments of money required to be paid, and/or on any such amounts of
money required to be refunded, from and after the date when payment
thereof matured or became due and payable, until full payment, at the
rate of twelve (12%) per cent per annum, or if such 12% interest, is
unlawful, then and in such event, at the highest maximum prevailing
rate of interest on commercial unsecured loans as fixed by the Board of
Regulatory Rates of Interest and Financial Charges, created under Law
#1, approved October 15, 1973 (10 LPRA 998), as amended, or by any
successor statute or regulation thereof.


THIRTY EIGHT.  Abatement - If any substantial service or facility
to be provided by LANDLORD is unavailable for a period exceeding thirty
(30) days and LANDLORD has been notified of the same, should time
unavailability of such service render all or any portion of the
Premises untenable, TENANT after the aforesaid thirty (30) days, shall
be entitled to an abatement of a portion of the rent that shall reflect
that portion of the Premises which is untenable, provided the damage to
the service or facility is not attributable to the act or neglect of
TENANT or the employees, servants, licensees, visitors, assigns or
undertenants of TENANT.


THIRTY NINE.  Fire or other Casualty - If before or during the
term of this Lease, the Premises shall be damaged by fire or other
casualty, LANDLORD after written notice thereof is given by TENANT,
shall repair the same with reasonable dispatch after notice to it of
the damage, due allowances being made for any delay due to causes
beyond the LANDLORD'S reasonable control, provided, however, that
LANDLORD shall not be required to repair or replace any furniture,
furnishings or other personal property which TENANT may have placed or
installed or which it may be entitled or required to remove from the
Premises.  LANDLORD shall proceed with due diligence to obtain the
corresponding insurance adjustment of the loss and TENANT shall fully
cooperate with LANDLORD and assist in the adjustment of the loss.
Until such repairs are completed, and provided such damage or other
casualty is not attributable to the act or neglect of TENANT or the
employees, servants, licensees, visitors, assigns or undertenants of
TENANT, the rent required to be paid pursuant to Article FOUR hereof,
shall be abated in proportion to the part of the Premises which are
untenable.  If the building, be so damaged that LANDLORD shall decide
to demolish and/or to reconstruct the building, in whole or in part,
LANDLORD may terminate this Lease by notifying TENANT within a
reasonable time after such damage of LANDLORD'S election to terminate
this Lease, such termination to be effective immediately if the term
shall not have commenced or on a date to be specified in such notice if
given during the term.  In the event of the giving of such notice
during the term of this Lease, the rent shall be apportioned and paid
up to the time of such fire or other casualty if the Premises are
damaged, or up to the specified date of termination if the Premises are
not damaged and LANDLORD shall not be otherwise liable to TENANT for
the value of the unexpired term of this Lease.

FORTY.  Default Provisions - If, during the term of this Lease,
TENANT shall.  (i) apply for or consent in writing to, the appointment
of a receiver, trustee or liquidator of TENANT or of all or
substantially all of its assets or (ii) seek relief under the
Bankruptcy Act, or admit in writing its inability to pay its debts as
they become due, or (iii) make a general assignment for the benefit of
this creditors, or (iv) file a petition case or an answer seeking
relief (other than a reorganization not involving the liabilities of
TENANT) or arrangement with creditors, or take advantage of any
insolvency law, or (v) file an answer admitting the material
allegations of a case filed against it in any bankruptcy,
reorganization or insolvency proceeding or, if an order, judgment or
decree shall be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction on the
application of TENANT or creditor adjudicating TENANT a bankrupt or
insolvent, or approving a petition seeking reorganization of TENANT
(other than a reorganization not involving the liabilities of TENANT)
or appointment of a receiver, trustee or liquidator of TENANT, or of
all or substantially all its assets, and such order, judgment or
decree, shall continue stayed and in effect for any period of sixty
(60) consecutive days, the term of this Lease and all right, title and
interest of TENANT hereunder shall expire as fully and completely as if
that day were the date herein specifically fixed for the expiration of
the term, and TENANT will then, quit and surrender the Premises to
LANDLORD, but TENANT shall remain liable as hereinafter provided.
If, during the term of this Lease.  (i) TENANT shall
default in fulfilling any of the covenants of this Lease (other than
the covenants for the payment of rent or additional rent), or of any
other standing contract with LANDLORD or (ii) if, during the term of
this Lease TENANT shall abandon, vacate, or remove from the Premises
the major portion of the goods, wares, equipment, or furnishings
usually kept on said premises, of (iii) this Lease, without the prior
consent of LANDLORD, shall be encumbered, assigned or transferred in
any manner in whole or in part or shall, by operation of law, pass to
or devolve upon any third party, except as herein provided, or (iv) if
TENANT is in violation of laws, rules and regulations regarding minimum
wages of its employees, or of any other law, rules and regulations
applicable to his operations, but which have not been specifically
mentioned in this Lease, LANDLORD may give to TENANT notice of any such
default or the happening of any event referred to above and if at the
expiration of thirty (30) days after the service of such a notice the
default or event upon which said notice was based shall continue to
exist, or in the case of a default which cannot with due diligence be
cured within a period of thirty (30) days, if TENANT fails to proceed
promptly after the service of such notice and with all due diligence to
cure the same and thereafter to prosecute the curing of such default
with all due diligence (it being intended that in connection with a
default not susceptible of being cured with due diligence within thirty
(30) days that the time of TENANT within which to cure the same shall
be extended for such period as may be necessary to complete the same
with all due diligence), LANDLORD may give to TENANT a notice of
expiration of the term of this Lease as of the date of the service of
such second notice, and upon the giving of said notice of expiration
the term of this Lease and all right, title and interest of TENANT
hereunder shall expire as full and completely as if that day were the
date herein specifically fixed for the expiration of the term, and
TENANT or any party holding under his will then quit and surrender the
Premises to LANDLORD, but TENANT shall remain liable as hereinafter
provided.
If, (i) TENANt shall default in the payment of the rent,
the additional rent, or of any other payment as required under this
Lease and such default shall continue for ten (10) working days after
notice thereof by LANDLORD, of (ii) if the default of the payment of
the rent, continues for thirty (30) days from the date any such payment
became due and payable (AUTOMATIC DEFAULT TERMINATION), or (iii) if
this Lease shall terminate as in Paragraph one and two of this Article
provided, this Lease shall terminate and TENANT will then quit and
surrender the Premises to LANDLORD, but TENANT shall remain liable as
hereinafter provided, LANDLORD or LANDLORD's agents and servants may
immediately or at any time thereafter re-enter the Premises and remove
all persons and all or any property therefrom, whether by summary
dispossess proceedings or by any suitable action or proceeding at law,
or with the license and permission of TENANT, which shall under this
Contract be deemed given upon expiration of the strict thirty (30) days
notice period of subdivision of paragraph Two of this Article, without
LANDLORD being liable to indictment, prosecution or damages therefor
and repossess and enjoy the Premises with all additions, alterations
and improvements.


If TENANT shall fail to take possession of the Premises
within ten (10) days after the commencement of the term of this Lease,
or if TENANT shall vacate and abandon the Premises, LANDLORD shall have
the right, at LANDLORD'S option, to terminate this Lease and the term
hereof, as well as all the right, title and interest of TENANT
hereunder, by giving TENANT five (5) days notice in writing of such
intention, and upon the expiration of the time fixed in such latter
notice, if such default be not cured prior thereto, this lease and the
term hereof, as well as all the right, title and interest of TENANT
hereunder, shall wholly cease and expire in the same manner and with
the same force and effect (except as to TENANT'S liability) as if the
date fixed by such latter notice were the expiration of the term herein
originally granted; and TENANT shall immediately quit and surrender to
LANDLORD the Premises and each and every part thereof and LANDLORD may
enter into or repossess the Premises, either by force, summary
proceedings or otherwise.  The right granted to LANDLORD in this
Article or any other Article of this Lease to terminate this Lease,
shall apply to any extension or renewal of the term hereby granted, and
the exercise of any such right by LANDLORD during the term hereby
granted, shall terminate any extension or renewal of the term hereby
granted and any right on the part of TENANT thereto.
Upon the termination of this Lease by reason of any of the
foregoing event, or in the event of the termination of this Lease by
summary dispossess proceedings or under any provisions of law, now or
at any time hereafter, in force by reason of, or based upon, or arising
out of a default under or breach of this Lease on the part of TENANT,
or upon LANDLORD recovering possession of the Premises in the manner or
in any of the circumstances hereinbefore mentioned, or in any other
manner or circumstances whatsoever , whether with or without legal
proceedings, by reason of, or based upon, or arising out of a default
under or breach of this Lease on the part of TENANT, LANDLORD, at its
option, but without assuming any obligation to do so in any case, may
at any time, and from time to time, relet the Premises or any part or
parts thereof for the account of TENANT or otherwise on such terms as
LANDLORD may elect, including the granting of concessions, and receive
and collect the rents therefor, applying the same at a rental not
higher than the one stipulated in this Contract, first to the payment
of such reasonable expenses as LANDLORD may have incurred in recovering
possession of the Premises, including reasonable legal expenses, and
for putting the same into good order or condition or preparing or
altering the same for re-rental, and expenses, commissions and charges
paid, assumed, or incurred by LANDLORD in and about the reletting of
the Premises or any portion thereof and then to the fulfillment of the
covenants of TENANT hereunder.  Any such reletting herein provided for,
may be for the remainder of the term of this Lease or for a longer or
shorter period or at a higher or lower rental.  In any such case,
whether or not, the Premises or any part thereof be relet, TENANT shall
pay to LANDLORD the rent required to be paid by TENANT up to the
time of such termination of this Lease, and/or the full l~nt
provided for in the agreement for any holdover of such period after
termination and up to the surrender or recovery of possession of
the Premises by LANDLORD, as the case may be, and thereafter TENANT
covenants and agrees, to pay to LANDLORD until the end of the term
of this Lease as originally demised the equivalent of any
deficiency amount of all the rent reserved herein, less the net
avails of reletting, if any, as specified hereinabove in this
Article and the same shall be due and payable by TENANT to LANDLORD
as provided herein, that is to say, TENANT shall pay to LANDLORD
the amount of any deficiency then existing.





		FORTY ONE:  LANDLORD'S Remedies - In the event TENANT 
shall default in the performance of any of the terms, covenants or 
provisions herein contained, LANDLORD may, but without the 
obligation to do so, perform the same for the account of TENANT and 
any amount paid or expense incurred by LANDLORD in the performance 
of the same shall be repaid by TENANT on demand.  In the event of a 
breach or threatened breach by TENANT or any subtenant or other 
person holding or claiming under TENANT of any of the covenants, 
conditions or provisions hereof, LANDLORD shall have the right of 
injunction to restrain the same, and the right to invoke any remedy 
allowed by law or in equity as if specific remedies, indemnity or 
reimbursement were not herein provided for.  The rights and remedies 
given to LANDLORD in this Lease are distinct, separate and 
cumulative, and no one of them, whether or not exercised by 
LANDLORD, shall be deemed to be a waiver, or an exclusion of any of 
the others.

	FORTY TWO:  Notice of Default -  Anything in this Lease to the 
contrary notwithstanding, it is specifically agreed that there shall 
be no enforceable default against LANDLORD under any provisions of 
this Lease, unless notice of such default be given by TENANT to 
LANDLORD in which TENANT shall specify the default or omission 
complained of, and LANDLORD shall have thirty (30) days after 
receipt of such notice in which to remedy such default, or if said 
default or omission shall be of such a nature that the same cannot 
be cured within said period, then the same shall not be an 
enforceable default if TENANT shall have commenced taking the 
necessary steps to cure or remedy said default within the said 
thirty (30) days and diligently proceeds with the correction 
thereof.	
FORTY THREE.  Capitalization - For the purpose of this Contract,
specifically of Article SIX, Capitalization includes the total of
owner's equity sources (preferred stock, common stock and surplus
accounts) plus long-term debts, it being agreed and understood that the
amortization of any such debt shall in no way diminish the amount
originally determined as capitalization.



FORTY FOUR.  Disclosure of Information - TENANT agrees to furnish
to LANDLORD within ninety (90) days after the expiration of each fiscal
year of TENANT, an annual statement certified by an independent
Certified Public Accountant showing as of the end of each such fiscal
year.  (i) TENANT'S paid-in capital, (ii) long-term debts and
capitalization as required by Articles SIX and FORTY THREE hereof,
(iii) investment in machinery and its capacity to provide employment,
(iv) taxes (including Social Security taxes) paid, and (v) any other
information as required by this Lease.


In the event such statement is not filed with LANDLORD as
herein provided, LANDLORD may obtain such information from TENANT at
TENANT'S expense, and for such purpose TENANT shall make available to
LANDLORD'S designated representatives, its books of accounts and other
necessary data and facilities, all of which shall be provided and made
available at TENANT'S principal office in Puerto Rico.



FORTY FIVE.  Automatic Renewal - In the event TENANT does not
vacate the Premises in the manner and under the conditions hereinbefore
provided, within ninety (90) days after the normal expiration of the
term hereof, LANDLORD shall have the option to be exercised at any time
thereafter, to notify TENANT that the lease herein has been renewed for
an additional term of ten (10) years from the date of the last normal
expiration of the term hereof and, in such event, the parties agree
that this Contract shall be held to have been renewed and to continue
in full force and effect for such additional term of ten (10) years
upon the mere mailing of such notice by LANDLORD to TENANT.  This
provision shall in no way prejudice, affect or deny any right which
LANDLORD may otherwise have because, or at the time, of any such
termination of the term hereof, particularly whenever LANDLORD does not
exercise such option; it being agreed and understood that such renewal
shall be upon the same terms and conditions contained herein except
that the rental rate to be charged shall be the rate then currently
being charged by LANDLORD for similar building in the area, but in no
event shall it be less than the rate herein stipulated.



FORTY SIX.  Partial Invalidity and Applicable Law - If any term or
provisions of this Lease or the application thereof to any person or
circumstances shall, to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable the
remainder of this Lease and the application of such term or provision
to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held
invalid or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each term
and provision of this Lease shall be valid and be enforceable to the
fullest extent permitted by law.  This Contract is entered into and
shall be interpreted in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of
Puerto Rico.



FORTY SEVEN.  Lease Termination and Holdina Over - Upon the
expiration or termination of this Lease:


(i) TENANT shall inform LANDLORD in writing of TENANT'S activities
affecting each or any environmental area of concern during the period
of TENANT'S operation, including a description from an environmental
standpoint of the physical conditions of the premises and landsite.
TENANT shall also inform to LANDLORD in writing of any environmental
regulatory violations, compliance plans, permits, closure plans, clean-
up actions or any other regulatory procedures related to the operation.
In the event that the information reveals TENANT'S noncompliance of any
of the above, or in the event that a physical inspection of the
Premises and adjacent areas by LANDLORD, or any other source of
information reveal the possibility of contamination, in that event,
TENANT shall, at LANDLORD'S request submit a plan of action with the
appropriate financial provisions to execute it.  LANDLORD shall hold
TENANT responsible for any and all environmental damage, or any damage
to third parties as a result of any environmental damage, or any
remedial action (including monitoring) to be performed at landsite or
otherwise as a result of TENANT'S operations after termination of Lease
and until such a time as complete remediation or fulfillment of
TENANT'S obligations is effected.  In case TENANT fails to comply with
the foregoing provisions, LANDLORD may elect to effect them at TENANT'S
expense and responsibility.
(ii) TENANT shall remove all hazardous and toxic
substances belonging to TENANT or to a third party.  TENANT shall also
ren.ove all other property of TENANT and that of any third party and
failing so to do, TENANT hereby appoints LANDLORD its agent so that
LANDLORD may cause all of the said property to be removed at the
expense and risk of TENANT.  TENANT covenants and agrees to give full
and timely observance and compliance to this covenant to remove all its
property and surrender the Premises broom clean.  TENANT hereby agrees
to pay all reasonable necessary cost and expenses thereby incurred by
LANDLORD.  If, as the sole result of the removal of TENANT'S property
any portion of the Additional Premises or of the building of which they
are a part, are damaged, TENANT shall pay to LANDLORD the reasonable
cost of repairing such damages unless due to the gross negligence of
LANDLORD, its agents, servants, employees and contractors.  TENANT'S
obligation to observe or perform this covenant shall survive the
expiration or other termination of the term of this Lease.



FORTY EIGHT.  Chanqe of Address - TENANT shall promptly notify
LANDLORD of any change in the addresses other than those required from
it in Article SEVEN hereof.



FORTY NINE.  TENANT will indemnify LANDLORD for any and all
liability, loss, damages, expenses, penalties and/or fines, and any
additional expenses including any attorney fees LANDLORD may suffer as
a result of claims, lawsuits, demands, administrative orders, costs,
resolutions or judgements against it arising out of negligence and/or
failure of TENANT or those acting under TENANT to conform to the
statutes, ordinances, or other regulations or requirements of any
governmental authority, be it Federal, of the Commonwealth of Puerto
Rico, its instrumentalities or public corporations, in connection with
the performance of this Lease.



	FIFTY:  Inasmuch as TENANT is presently in possession of the demised 
premises pursuant to a certain Lease Contract executed between the 
parties hereto, TENANT hereby accepts the Premises in their present 
condition.
	FIFTY ONE:   LANDLORD shall provide a basic electrical distribution 
system consisting of a 200 AMP meterbase, conduits, conductors, 
receptacles and junction boxes as indicated in PRIDCO'S Electrical 
Distribution System Drawings for indicated building.
	FIFTY TWO:   TENANT shall, at is own cost and expense, construct 
and/or install all necessary equipment required to connect the 
building's electrical system to the Puerto Rico Electrical Power 
Authority's electrical distribution lines, such connection to be 
made in compliance with the requirement of PREPA.
	FIFTY THREE:   Anything contained in this Contract to the contrary 
notwithstanding, if required by TENANT, it shall be at TENANT's own 
cost and expense the construction and/or installation of a sprinkler 
system; it being agreed and understood that such construction shall 
be in accordance with the provisions hereof.
	FIFTY FOUR:   TENANT shall, at its own cost and expense, install a 
fire protection system and shall obtain the endorsement and approval 
from said Fire Department for such installation.  TENANT must also 
provide security measures to prevent or reduce fire hazard due to 
the storage of inflammable materials and products. 
	FIFTY FIVE:   TENANT hereby acknowledges that in the industrial park 
there are other industries; therefore TENANT hereby specifically 
agrees and undertakes to take such steps and install such equipment 
as may be necessary to prevent that any hazard and/or noise which 
may be created by its operations may in any way or manner unduly 
affect the operations of the other industries and therefore TENANT 
hereby releases and saves LANDLORD harmless from any and all claims 
or demands arising therefrom or in connection therewith.
	FIFTY SIX:   TENANT must comply with the rules and regulations of 
pre-treatment established by the Puerto Rico Aqueduct and Sewer 
Authority, the Environmental Quality Board and the Environmental 
Protection  Agency  related  to  the  effluent  industrial discharge 
in the  sanitary  sewer  system  and  their  final  disposition.  
Also, any improvement necessary to provide pre-treatment facilities 
for the above mentioned effluents shall be at TENANT'S own cost and 
expense and in coordination and with the approval of LANDLORD's 
Engineering and Maintenance Departments.
	FIFTY SEVEN:  TENANT shall procure and obtain a permit for the 
operation of a solid waste emission source from the Environmental 
Quality Board and authorization for the Office of Solid Waste and/or 
from the Municipality of AGUADA for the final disposition of 
wastes.
	FIFTY EIGHT:    TENANT, at its own cost and expense, shall implement 
the necessary measures and install the control equipment to maintain 
the atmospheric air quality levels in compliance with the 
environmental laws and regulations of the Environmental Quality 
Board and the Environmental Protection Agency, as promulgated by any 
succeeding law or regulations.  
	FIFTY NINE:   It is hereby agreed and understood that TENANT shall 
take the necessary steps to comply with the regulations and law 
requirements of the PUERTO RICO OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH 
OFFICE (PROSHO).
	SIXTY :  TENANT certifies and guarantees that at the date of 
subscribing this Contract it has submitted the Corporate Tax Returns 
Forms during the last five (5) years and does not have any tax debt 
pending with the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or is complying with 
the terms of a payment plan duly approved.  
	TENANT also certifies and guarantees that at the date of execution 
of this contract it has paid unemployment insurance compensation, 
temporary disability insurance, and the driver's social security (as 
applicable); or is complying with a payment plan duly approved.
	TENANT acknowledges that this is an essential condition of the 
Contract and if the above certification is incorrect in any of its 
parts, LANDLORD may cancel this contract. 
     SIXTY ONE:  LANDLORD reserves the right to audit the leased premises 
from time to time during the term of this contract, as LANDLORD may 
deem necessary, in order to assess all aspects of the environmental 
condition of said premises and TENANT's compliance with 
all environmental legislation and regulations, under Commonwealth and 
federal law; TENANT hereby agrees to provide access to all areas and 
structures of the premises for these purposes, upon LANDLORD's 
request, and to also provide access to all books, records, documents and 
instruments which LANDLORD may deem necessary in order to fully 
audit the premises as herein stated.
	SIXTY TWO:   TENANT shall furnish to LANDLORD, in addition to any 
other information, documents or instruments that may be required in 
this contract:
	a)	Prompt written notice of the occurrence of any event 
that by law or regulation would require any oral, telephonic or 
written notice or communication to the US Environmental Protection 
Agency and/or to the Puerto Rico Environmental Quality Board, or any 
successor agency, and copies of all orders, notices or other 
communications and reports received, made or given in connection 
with any such event, and any enforcement action taken against TENANT 
or against any property owned, occupied or used by TENANT;

	b)	Quarterly certifications subscribed by an authorized 
representative designated by TENANT, as to the environmental 
condition of the leased premises, containing the information 
required by LANDLORD, which is specified in the form included as 
Schedule "B" of this contract, or any subsequent modification 
thereto;

	c)	Any other information and documents relating to TENANT's 
compliance with environmental legislation and regulations under 
federal and commonwealth laws.

	SIXTY THREE:  TENANT hereby guarantees to LANDLORD that, neither he, 
or any of its stockholders, in case of a corporation, owes any money 
to LANDLORD under its corporate name or any other corporate name 
and/or person.

	SIXTY FOUR:   TENANT shall not transfer, lease, burden or dispose of 
in any way of the equipment used on its operations without the 
previous written notice to LANDLORD.

	SIXTY FIVE:   TENANT shall not sell, lease or transfer in any way 
its operations to any other tenant without the previous written 
consent of LANDLORD.

	SIXTY SIX:  If TENANT is not in default hereunder, beyond the period 
for the cure of defaults hereunder, TENANT shall have the right to 
further extend this lease for an additional FIVE (5) years  period, 
upon written notice given to LANDLORD of ninety (90) days prior to 
the termination date of the term hereof, such extension to be upon 
the terms, covenants and conditions contained herein, except that 
the rental rate will be the rate then currently being charged by 
LANDLORD in the area.  If so requested by any of the parties hereto, 
both parties agree to promptly execute such documents as may be 
necessary to incorporate in the lease the agreements for said 
extended period.  If TENANT does not excersise this option, the 
Article FORTY-FIVE (45) shall apply in full force and effect.

	SIXTY SEVEN:  TENANT agrees to submit to LANDLORD within thirty 
(30) days from the date of execution of this Contract:  (a) evidence 
of its registration in the Department of State of the Commonwealth 
of Puerto Rico and the name and address of its resident agent; and 
(b) a certificate of a resolution of its Board of Directors either 
authorizing or ratifying the execution of this Contract.
     IN WITNESS WHEREOF, LANDLORD and TENANT have respectively signed upon 
proper authority this Lease, this       day of
PUERTO RICO INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT COMPANY

BY:_____________________________________

TELECOM PUERTO RICO, INC.
(FORMERLY ZELTEX P.R., INC.)
SOCIAL SECURITY #                  



BY:_____________________________________					
										
			    


TELECOM PUERTO RICO, INC.
(FORMERLY ZELTEX P.R., INC.)                         SCHEDULE 
"A"

- - ---------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------

Description of Building No. T-0796-1-67 
Located at Aguada, Puerto Rico

This is a pitched roof type building consisting of reinforced concrete 
foundation, columns and girders supporting 30 feet long steel joists 
which in turn support prestressed concrete slabs poretes covered by 
1/2" fiberglass insulation and a 3 ply built-up roofing.

Roof ventilators are provided.

The structure consists of a main floor 120' - 0" x 90' - 6" out to out 
dimensions with an area of 10,860.00 sq. ft. of manufacturing space; 
a lean-to 37' - 2" x 11' - 6 3/4" for an area of 429.78 sq. ft.  
This amounts to a total area of 11,289.78 sq. ft. of covered floor 
space.

The floor consists of a 4" thick reinforced concrete slab with a 
monolithic cement finish;  floor slab designed for a load capacity 
of 150 pounds p.s.f.

Exterior walls are of concrete blocks plastered and painted on both sides.

Interior walls at lean-to are plastered and painted.

Ceiling is rubbed and painted throughout the building.

Windows are Miami aluminum type throughout the building.

Interior doors are made of plywood and exterior are industrial type metal 
ones.

Clearance in the manufacturing area from finish floor to lowest part of 
beams at the side eaves is 12'-0".

Description of Parcel of Land, Lot No. 2
Located at Aguada Industrial Area,
Aguada, Puerto Rico


Parcel of land, lot no. 2, located at Aguada Industrial Area, Aguada, 
Puerto Rico.  It bounds by the North, with lot no. 4 of the same 
industrial area, by the South, with State Road No. 115, by the East, 
with Street "A",  of the same industrial area and by the West, with 
land owned by  Sucn. Raffucci.

It has a surface area of 5753.8898 sq. meters, equivalent to 1.4639 
cuerdas.

Encumbrances:

It is affected by a 5.0 feet wide right of way in favor of P.R.E.P.A. 
running along its western boundary.

Building:  Project No. T-0796-0-67

This is a pitched roof type building consisting of reinforced concrete 
foundations, columns and girders supporting 30 feet long steel 
joists which in turn support prestressed concrete slabs poretes, 
covered by 1/2" fiberglass insulation and a 3 plies built-up 
roofing.  Roof ventilators are provided.

TELECOM PUERTO RICO, INC. 
(FORMERLY ZELTEX P.R., INC.)
                                                       SCHEDULE  "A"
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------
- - --------


The structure consists of a main floor 120'- 6" x 90' - 6" out to out 
dimensions with an area of 10,905.25 sq. ft. of manufacturing space, 
lean-to 37' - 2" x 11' - 6" - 6 3/4 for an area of 429.69 sq. ft.  
This amounts to a total area of 11,334.94 sq. ft. of covered floor 
space.

The floor consists of 4" thick reinforced concrete slab with a monolithic 
cement finish.  Designed for a live load of 150 p.s.f. on both 
sides.

Interior walls at the lean-to are plastered and painted together with a 
6'-1" high sprayed-on glazed finish wainscoat.

Ceiling is rubbed and painted throughout the building. 

Interior doors are made of plywood and exterior are industrial type metal 
ones.

Clearance in the manufacturing area from finished floor to lowest part of 
beams at the side eaves is 12'-0".

Windows are miami aluminum louvers throughout the building.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 10.12 COMERICA LINE OF CREDIT
<TEXT>

1


REVOLVING CREDIT LOAN AGREEMENT



	THIS REVOLVING CREDIT LOAN AGREEMENT made and delivered this _1st__ 
day of December, 1993, by and between SYMMETRICOM, INC. and COMERICA 
BANK-CALIFORNIA. 

WITNESSETH

	WHEREAS, the Borrower desires to borrow up to Seven Million 
Dollars ($7,000,000) from the Bank from time to time for the working 
capital needs of the Borrower; and 

	WHEREAS, the Bank is willing to supply such financing subject to 
the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement;

	NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual 
promises herein contained, the Borrower and the Bank agree as follows:


1.  Definitions.

	1.1	Defined Terms.  As used in this Agreement, the following 
terms shall have the following respective meanings:

	"Accounts Receivable" shall mean and include all Accounts, Chattel 
Paper and General Intangibles (including, but not limited to Tax 
Refunds, trade names, trade styles and goodwill, trade marks, copyrights 
and patents, and applications therefor, trade and proprietary secrets, 
formulae, designs, blueprints and plans, customer lists, literary 
rights, licenses and permits, receivables, insurance proceeds, 
beneficial interests in trusts and minute books and other books and 
records) now owned or hereafter acquired by Borrower. 

	"Affiliate" shall mean, when used with respect to any person, any 
other person which, directly or indirectly, controls or is controlled by 
or is under common control with such person.  For purposes of this 
definition, "control" (including the correlative meanings of the terms 
"controlled by" and "under common control with"), with respect to any 
person, shall mean possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to 
direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such 
person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by 
contract or otherwise.

	"Agreement" shall mean this Revolving Credit Loan Agreement.
	"Bank" shall mean Comerica Bank- California, a California banking 
corporation.

	"Bankruptcy Code" shall mean Title 11 of the United States Code, 
as amended, or any successor act or code.

	"Borrower" shall mean SYMMETRICOM, INC., a California Corporation.

	"Business Day" shall mean a day on which the Bank is open to carry 
on its normal commercial lending business.

	"Commitment Amount" shall mean, as of any applicable date of 
determination, Seven Million Dollars ($7,000,000).  

	"Consolidated" or "consolidated" shall mean, when used with 
reference to any financial term in this Agreement, the aggregate for two 
or more persons of the amounts signified by such term for all such 
persons determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP.  
Unless otherwise specified herein, references to "consolidated" 
financial statements or data of the Borrower includes consolidation with 
its Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP.

	"Contract Rate" shall mean, as of any applicable date of 
determination, the interest rate determined in accordance with Sections 
2.4 and 2.5 of this Agreement.  

	"Current Assets" shall mean, as of any applicable date of 
determination, all cash, non-affiliated customer receivables, United 
States government securities, claims against the United States 
government, and inventories.
 
	"Current Liabilities" shall mean, as of any applicable date of 
deter-mination, (i) all liabilities of a person that should be classified 
as current in accordance with GAAP, including without limitation any 
portion of the principal of the Note classified as current, plus (ii) to 
the extent not otherwise included, all liabilities of the Borrower to 
any of its Affiliates whether or not classified as current in accordance 
with GAAP.
  
	"Debt" shall mean, as of any applicable date of determination, all 
items of indebtedness, obligation or liability of a person, whether 
matured or unma-tured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, 
absolute or contingent, joint or several, that should be classified as 
liabilities in accordance with GAAP.

	"Default" shall mean a condition or event which, with the giving 
of notice or the passage of time, or both, would become an Event of 
Default.

	"Disbursement Date" shall mean each date upon which the Bank makes 
a loan to the Borrower under Section 2.1 of this Agreement.

	"ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 
1974, as amended, or any successor act or code.

	"Event of Default" shall mean any of those conditions or events 
listed in Section 8.1 of this Agreement.

	"Financial Statements" shall mean all those balance sheets, 
earnings sta-tements and other financial data (whether of the Borrower, 
any of its Subsidiaries, the Guarantor or otherwise) which have been 
furnished to the Bank for the purposes of, or in connection with, this 
Agreement and the transactions con-templated hereby.

	"GAAP" shall mean, as of any applicable date of determination, 
generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied.

	"Guarantor" shall mean (jointly and severally if more than one) 
TELECOM SOLUTIONS PUERTO RICO, INC. and LINFINITY MICROELECTRONICS INC.

	"Guaranty" shall mean a guaranty (or separate guaranties) in the 
form and content of Exhibit C to this Agreement pursuant to which the 
Guarantor (jointly and severally if more than one) unconditionally 
guarantees repayment to the Bank of all the Indebtedness.
 
	"Indebtedness" shall mean all loans, advances, indebtedness, 
obligations and liabilities of the Borrower to the Bank under this 
Agreement, together with all other indebted-ness, obligations and 
liabilities whatsoever of the Borrower to the Bank, whether matured or 
unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or 
contingent, joint or several, due or to become due, now existing or 
hereafter arising.

	"Legal Rate" shall mean the maximum interest rate permitted to be 
paid by the Borrower or received by the Bank with respect to the 
Indebtedness represented by the Note under applicable law.

	"Loan" shall mean the Revolving Loans.

	"Net Income" shall mean the net income (or loss) of a person for 
any period determined in accordance with GAAP but excluding in any 
event:

		(i)  any gains or losses on the sale or other disposition, 
not in the ordinary course of business, of investments or fixed or 
capital assets, and any taxes on the excluded gains and any tax 
deductions or credits on account on any excluded losses; and

		(ii)  in the case of the Borrower, net earnings of any 
Person in which Borrower has an ownership interest, unless such net 
earnings shall have actually been received by Borrower in the form of 
cash distributions.

	"Note" shall mean the Revolving Credit Note.

	"PBGC" shall mean the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any 
person succeeding to the present powers and functions of the Pension 
Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

	"Permitted Liens" shall mean:

		(a) Liens and encumbrances in favor of the Bank;

		(b) Liens for taxes, assessments or other governmental 
charges incurred in the ordinary course of business and for which no 
interest, late charge or penalty is attaching or which is being 
contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and, if requested by 
the Bank, bonded in an amount and manner satisfactory to the Bank;

		(c) Liens, not delinquent, created by statute in connection 
with worker's compensation, unemployment insurance, social security and 
similar statutory obligations;

		(d) Liens of mechanics, materialmen, carriers, warehousemen 
or other like statutory or common law liens securing obligations 
incurred in good faith in the ordinary course of business that are not 
yet due and payable;

		(e) Encumbrances consisting of existing or future zoning 
restrictions, existing recorded rights-of-way, existing recorded 
easements, existing recorded private restrictions or existing or future 
public restrictions on the use of real property, none of which 
materially impairs the use of such property in the operation of the 
business for which it is used and none of which is violated in any 
material respect by any existing or proposed structure or land use; and 

		(f)  Existing liens as reported in the Financial Statements provided to the
 Bank by Borrower; and

		(g)  Liens for the purchase or acquisition of fixed assets.

	"Person" or "person" shall mean any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint ven-ture, association, trust, unincorporated 
association, joint stock company, government, municipality, political 
subdivision or agency, or other entity.
	
	"Prime Rate" shall mean that annual rate of interest designated by 
the Bank as its prime rate, which rate may not be the lowest rate of 
interest charged by the Bank to any of its customers, and which rate is 
changed by the Bank from time to time.
	"Quarterly Operating Profits" shall mean operating profits (or 
Loss) of a person for each quarter determined in accordance with GAAP.

	"Quick Assets" shall mean, as of any applicable date of 
determination, all cash, non-affiliated customer receivables, United 
States government securities and claims against the United States 
government.

	"Revolving Credit Note" shall mean a promissory note conforming to 
Section 2.3 of this Agreement and in the form and content of Exhibit E 
to this Agreement.

	"Revolving Loan" shall mean an advance made by the Bank to the 
Borrower under Section 2.1 of this Agreement on a Disbursement Date.

	"Subsidiary" shall mean any corporation (whether now existing or 
hereafter organized or acquired) in which more than fifty percent (50%) 
of the outstanding securities having ordinary voting power for the 
election of directors, as of any applicable date of determination, shall 
be owned directly, or indirectly through one or more Subsidiaries, by 
the Borrower.

	"Tangible Net Worth" shall mean, as of any applicable date of 
deter-mination, the excess of (i) the net book value of all assets of a 
person (other than patents, patent rights, trademarks, trade names, 
franchises, copyrights, licenses, goodwill, and similar intangible 
assets) after all appropriate deductions in accordance with GAAP 
(including, without limitation, reserves for doubtful receivables, 
obsolescence, depreciation and amortization), over (ii) all Debt of such 
person.

	"Tax Refunds" shall mean refunds or claims for refunds of any 
taxes at any time paid by Borrower to the United States of America or 
any state, city, county or other governmental entity.

	"Termination Date" shall mean December 1, 1995 (or such earlier 
date on which the Borrower shall permanently terminate the Bank's 
commitment under Section 2.8.1 of this Agreement).

	"UCC" shall mean Uniform Commercial Code of the State of 
California (approved June 8, 1968) as amended.

	"Working Capital" shall mean, as of any applicable date of 
determination, Current Assets less Current Liabilities.

	1.2	Accounting Terms.  All accounting terms not specifically 
defined in this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with GAAP.

	1.3	Singular and Plural.  Where the context herein requires, the 
singular number shall be deemed to include the plural, the masculine 
gender shall include the feminine and neuter genders, and vice versa.


2.	Commitment, Interest and Fees.

	2.1	Revolving Credit Commitment.  Subject to the terms and 
conditions of this Agreement, the Bank agrees to make loans to the 
Borrower on a revolving basis in such amount as the Borrower shall 
request pursuant to Section 2.2 of this Agreement at any time from the 
date of this Agreement until the Termination Date, up to an aggregate 
principal amount outstanding at any time not to exceed the lesser of the 
Commitment Amount, provided that each Disbursement Date under this 
Agreement must be a Business Day. 

	2.2	Borrowing Procedures. 

		2.2.1	Notice.  The Borrower shall by telephone give the Bank 
notice of the Borrower's desire for a Revolving Loan no later than 1:00 
p.m. San Jose, California time in order to have the date of notice be 
the Disbursement Date, otherwise the following Business Day shall be the 
Disbursement Date.  Such notice shall specify the principal amount of 
the proposed advance for such Revolving Loan.  Prior to such telephone 
notice, Borrower shall have executed and delivered to the Bank a 
Telephone Notice Authorization. 

		2.2.2	Bank Obligations.  The Bank agrees to make the 
Revolving Loan on the Disbursement Date established by notice to the 
Bank from the Borrower conforming to the requirements of Section 2.2.1 
by crediting the deposit account of the Borrower with the Bank specified 
in the Advance & Payment Agreement in the amount of such Revolving Loan, 
provided, however, that the Bank shall not be obligated if:

			(a)  Any of the conditions precedent set forth in 
Section 4 of this Agreement shall not have been satisfied or waived by 
the Bank in accordance with Section 9.3 of this Agreement, or

			(b)  Such proposed Revolving Loan would cause the 
aggregate unpaid principal amount of the Revolving Loans outstanding 
under this Agreement to exceed the Commitment Amount on the Disbursement 
Date.

	2.3	Revolving Credit Note.  The Revolving Loans shall be 
evidenced by the Revolving Credit Note, executed by the Borrower, dated 
the date of this Agreement, payable to the Bank on the Termination Date 
(unless sooner accelerated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement), and 
in the principal amount of the original Commitment Amount.  The date and 
amount of each Revolving Loan made by the Bank and of each repayment of 
principal thereon received by the Bank shall be recorded by the Bank in 
its records.  The aggregate unpaid principal amount so recorded by the 
Bank shall constitute the best evidence of the principal amount owing 
and unpaid on the Revolving Credit Note, provided, however, that the 
failure by the Bank so to record any such amount or any error in so 
recording any such amount shall not limit or otherwise affect the 
obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement or the Note to repay 
the principal amount of all the Revolving Loans together with all 
interest accrued or accruing thereon.

	2.4	Interest.  The Revolving Credit Note shall bear interest on 
the principal balance from time to time outstanding under the Revolving 
Credit Note at a rate equal to the Prime Rate of the Bank until 
maturity, whether by acceleration or otherwise, and thereafter at a rate 
equal to three percent (3%) per annum plus the rate otherwise prevailing 
hereunder, but in no event to exceed the Legal Rate. Interest shall be 
payable to the extent then accrued on the first day of each consecutive 
calendar month, beginning December 1, 1993, in the case of the Revolving 
Credit Note until maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) and 
from and after such maturity, on demand.  The rate of interest 
applicable to the Note shall change as and when the Bank's Prime Rate 
changes.  

	2.5	Maximum Rate.  At no time shall the Contract Rate payable on 
the Revolving Credit Note be deemed to exceed the Legal Rate.  In the 
event any interest is charged or received by the Bank in excess of the 
Legal Rate, the Borrower acknowledges that any such excess interest 
shall be the result of an accidental and bona fide error, and such 
excess shall first be applied to reduce the principal then unpaid 
hereunder (in inverse order of their maturities if principal amounts are 
due in installments); second, applied to reduce any obligation for other 
indebtedness of the Borrower to the Bank; and third, any remaining 
excess returned to the Borrower.  

	2.6	Fees.

		2.6.1	Commitment Fee.  The Borrower shall pay to the Bank a 
commitment fee for the period from the date of this Agreement to and 
including the Termination Date equal to Twenty Five Thousand Dollars 
($25,000) per annum.  Such commitment fee shall be payable in quarterly 
installments on the first Business Day of each quarter, beginning 
October 1, 1993, and on the Termination Date, for the periods ending on 
such date. 
  
	2.7	Basis of Computation.  The amount of all interest and fees 
hereunder shall be computed for the actual number of days elapsed on the 
basis of a year consisting of three hundred sixty (360) days.

	2.8	Changes in Commitment and Prepayments.

		2.8.1	Termination or Reduction in Commitment.  The Borrower, 
at any time and from time to time (except as may hereinafter be 
provided), upon at least five (5) Business Days' prior written notice 
received by the Bank, may permanently terminate the Bank's commitment to 
make Revolving Loans under this Agreement or permanently reduce the 
Commitment Amount by an integral multiple of One Hundred Thousand 
Dollars ($100,000), provided, however, that the Borrower, on the 
effective date of such termination or reduction, shall pay to the Bank, 
in the case of a termination, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of 
all Revolving Loans, or, in the case of a reduction, the amount, if any, 
by which the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Revolving Loans 
exceeds the then reduced Commitment Amount, together in either case with 
all interest accrued and unpaid on the principal amounts so prepaid, but 
without other premium.  The notice shall specify the Termination Date or 
the reduced Commitment Amount and the effective date of the reduction, 
as the case may be.  The Borrower may not revoke any such notice of 
termination or reduction without the prior written consent of the Bank.

	2.10	Basis of Payments.  All sums payable by the Borrower to the 
Bank under this Agreement or the other documents contemplated hereby 
shall be paid directly to the Bank at its principal office set forth 
Section 9.10 hereof in immediately available United States funds, 
without set off, deduction or coun-terclaim.  In its sole discretion, the 
Bank may charge any and all deposit or other accounts (including without 
limit an account evidenced by a certificate of deposit) of the Borrower 
with the Bank for all or a part of any Indebtedness then due; provided, 
however, that this authorization shall not affect the Borrower's 
obligation to pay, when due, any Indebtedness whether or not account 
balances are sufficient to pay amounts due.

	2.11	Receipt of Payments.  Any payment of the Indebtedness made 
by mail will be deemed tendered and received only upon actual receipt by 
the Bank at the address designated for such payment, whether or not the 
Bank has authorized payment by mail or any other manner, and shall not 
be deemed to have been made in a timely manner unless received on the 
date due for such payment, time being of the essence.  The Borrower 
expressly assumes all risks of loss or liability resulting from non-
delivery or delay of delivery of any item of payment transmitted by mail 
or in any other manner.  Acceptance by the Bank of any payment in an 
amount less than the amount then due shall be deemed an acceptance on 
account only, and the failure to pay the entire amount then due shall be 
and continue to be an Event of Default, and at any time thereafter and 
until the entire amount then due has been paid, the Bank shall be 
entitled to exercise any and all rights conferred upon it herein upon 
the occurrence of an Event of Default.  The Borrower waives the right to 
direct the application of any and all payments at any time or times 
hereafter received by the Bank from or on behalf of the Borrower.  The 
Borrower agrees that the Bank shall have the continuing exclusive right 
to apply and to reapply any and all payments received at any time or 
times hereafter against the Indebtedness in such manner as the Bank may 
deem advisable, notwithstanding any entry by the Bank upon any of its 
books and records.  The Borrower expressly agrees that to the extent 
that the Bank receives any payment or benefit and such payment or 
benefit, or any part thereof, is subsequently invalidated, declared to 
be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or is required to be repaid to 
a trustee, receiver, or any other party under any bankruptcy act, state 
or federal law, common law or equitable cause, then to the extent of 
such payment or benefit, the Indebtedness or part thereof intended to be 
satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if 
such payment or benefit had not been made and, further, any such 
repayment by the Bank, to the extent that the Bank did not directly 
receive a corresponding cash payment, shall be added to and be 
additional Indebtedness payable upon demand by the Bank.


4.	Conditions Precedent to Obligations of Bank.

	4.1	Conditions to First Disbursement.  The obligations of the 
Bank under this Agreement are subject to the occurrence, prior to or 
simultaneously with the Disbursement Date first occurring, of each of 
the following conditions:
 
		4.1.1	Documents Executed and Filed.  The Borrower shall have 
exe-cuted (or caused to be executed) and delivered to the Bank and, as 
appropriate, there shall have been filed or recorded with such filing or 
recording offices as the Bank shall deem appropriate, the following:

			(a)	The Revolving Credit Note;

			(b)	The Guaranty:

					1. TELECOM SOLUTIONS PUERTO RICO, INC.;

					2. LINFINITY MICROELECTRONICS Inc.;

			(c)	The Corporate Resolution Authorizing Execution 
Of Guaranty:
					1. TELECOM SOLUTIONS PUERTO RICO, INC.;

					2. LINFINITY MICROELECTRONICS Inc.;

			(d)	The Loan Disbursement Order;

			(e)	The Advance & Payment Agreement;

		4.1.2	Certified Resolutions.  If the Borrower is a 
corporation, the Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank a copy of 
resolutions of the Board of Directors of the Borrower authorizing the 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the borrowing 
hereunder, the Revolving Credit Note and any other documents 
contemplated by this Agreement, which shall have been certified by the 
Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower as of the Disbursement 
Date first occurring as being complete, accurate and in effect.  If the 
Borrower is a partnership, the Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank 
a copy of resolutions of the partners of the Borrower authorizing the 
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the borrowing 
hereunder, the Revolving Credit Note and any other documents 
contemplated by this Agreement, which shall have been certified by the 
general partners of the Borrower as of the Disbursement Date first 
occurring as being complete, accurate and in effect.

		4.1.3	Certified Articles/Partnership Certificate.  If the 
Borrower is a corporation, the Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank 
a copy of the Articles of Incorporation including all amendments thereto 
and restatements thereof, and all other charter documents of the 
Borrower, all of which shall have been certified by the California 
Secretary of State as of a date within thirty days of the Disbursement 
Date first occurring.  If the Borrower is a general partnership, the 
Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank a copy of the Certificate of 
Co-Partnership and all other documents required to be filed by the 
Borrower to create a general partnership, including all amendments 
thereto and restatements thereof, all of which shall have been certified 
by the office of the county clerk or other appropriate filing office as 
of a date within thirty days of the Disbursement Date first occurring.  
If the Borrower is a limited partnership, the Borrower shall have 
furnished to the Bank a copy of the Certificate of Limited Partnership 
and all other documents required to be filed by the Borrower to create a 
limited partnership, including all amendments thereto and restatements 
thereof, all of which shall have been certified by the California 
Secretary of State or other appropriate filing office as of a date 
within thirty days of the Disbursement Date first occurring.

		4.1.4	Certified Bylaws/Partnership Agreement.  If the 
Borrower is a corporation, the Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank 
a copy of the Bylaws of the Borrower, including all amendments thereto 
and restatements thereof, which shall have been certified by the 
Secretary or Assistant Secretary of the Borrower as of the Disbursement 
Date first occurring as being complete, accurate and in effect.  If the 
Borrower is a partnership, the Borrower shall have furnished to the Bank 
a copy of the partnership agreement of the Borrower, including all 
amendments thereto and restatements thereof, which shall have been 
certified to by the general partners of the Borrower as of the 
Disbursement Date first occurring as being complete, accurate and in 
effect.

	4.2	Conditions to All Disbursements.  The obligations of the 
Bank to make any Revolving Loan on any Disbursement Date, including, but 
not limited to, the Disbursement Date first occurring, are subject to 
the occurrence, prior to or on the Disbursement Date related to such 
Revolving Loan, of each of the following conditions:
 
		4.2.3	Bank Satisfaction.  The Bank shall not know or have 
any reason to believe that, as of such Disbursement Date:

			(a)	Any Default or Event of Default has occurred and 
is continuing;

			(b)	Any warranty or representation set forth in 
Section 5 of this Agreement shall not be true and correct; or

			(c)	Any provision of law, any order of any court or 
other agency of government on any regulation, rule or interpretation 
thereof shall have had any material adverse effect on the validity or 
enforceability of this Agreement, the Revolving Credit Note, the 
Guaranty, the Corporate Resolution To Borrow, the Corporate Resolution 
Authorizing Execution Of Guaranty by (i) TELECOM SOLUTIONS PUERTO RICO, INC.
 and 
(ii) LINFINITY MICROELECTRONICS Inc. or the other documents 
contemplated hereby.

5.	Warranties and Representations.
	On a continuing basis from the date of this Agreement until the 
later of the Termination Date or when the Indebtedness is paid in full 
and the Borrower has performed all of its other obligations hereunder, 
the Borrower represents and warrants to the Bank that:

	5.1	Corporate Existence and Power.	(a)  The Borrower and 
the Guarantor are a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in 
good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and California, 
(b) the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and the Guarantor each has the power 
and authority to own its properties and assets and to carry out its 
business as now being conducted and is qualified to do business and in 
good standing in every jurisdiction wherein such qualification is 
necessary and (c) the Borrower has the power and authority to execute, 
deliver and perform this Agreement, to borrow money in accordance  with 
its terms, to execute, deliver  and perform the Revolving Credit Note 
and other documents contemplated hereby, to grant to the Bank liens and 
security interests in the Collateral as hereby contemplated and to do 
any and all other things required of it hereunder.  

	5.2	Authorization and Approvals.  The execution, delivery and 
performance of this Agreement, the borrowings hereunder and the 
execution, delivery and performance of the Revolving Credit Note, the 
Guaranty, and other documents contemplated hereby (a) have been duly 
authorized by all requisite corporate action of the Borrower, (b) will 
not violate any provision of law, any order of any court or other agency 
of government, the Articles of Incorporation or Bylaws of the Borrower, 
any provision of any indenture, note, agreement or other instrument to 
which the Borrower is a party, or by which it or any of its properties 
or assets are bound, (c) will not be in conflict with, result in a 
breach of or constitute (with or without notice or passage of time) a 
default under any such inden-ture, note, agreement or other instrument, 
and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any lien, 
charge or encumbrance of any nature whatsoever upon any of the 
properties or assets of the Borrower other than in favor of the Bank and 
as contemplated hereby.  References to the "Borrower" in this Section 
5.2 shall instead be deemed to be references to the Guarantor as the 
case may be, with respect to the Guaranty.  

	5.3	Valid and Binding Agreement.  This Agreement is, and the 
Revolving Credit Note, the Corporate Resolution To Borrow, the Corporate 
Resolution Authorizing Execution Of Guaranty by (i) Telecom Solutions Puerto
 Rico, 
Inc. and (ii) Linfinity Microelectronics Inc. or the other documents 
contemplated hereby will be, when delivered, valid and binding obli-
gations of the Borrower, and the Guaranty will be valid and binding 
obligations of the Guarantor in accordance with their terms.  

	5.4	Actions, Suits or Proceedings.  There are no actions, suits 
or proceedings, at law or in equity, and no pro-ceedings before any 
arbitrator or by or before any governmental commission, board, bureau, 
or other administrative agency, pending, or, to the best knowledge of 
the Borrower, threatened against or affecting the Borrower, any of its 
Subsidiaries or the Guarantor or any properties or rights of the 
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor, which, if adversely 
determined, could materially impair the right of the Borrower, any of 
its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor to carry on business substantially as 
now conducted or could have a material adverse effect upon the financial 
condition of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor. 

	5.6	Accounting Principles.  All consolidated and consolidating 
balance sheets, earnings statements and other financial data furnished 
to the Bank for the purposes of, or in connection with, this Agreement 
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, have been prepared 
in accordance with GAAP, and do or will fairly present the financial 
condition of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and the Guarantor, as of the 
dates, and the results of their operations for the periods, for which 
the same are furnished to the Bank.  Without limiting the generality of 
the foregoing, the Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance 
with GAAP (except as disclosed therein) and fairly present the financial 
condition of the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and, if relevant, the 
Guarantor as of the dates, and the results of its operations for the 
fiscal periods, for which the same are furnished to the Bank.  The 
Borrower has no material con-tingent obligations, liabilities for taxes, 
long-term leases or unusual for-ward or long-term commitments not 
disclosed by, or reserved against in, the Financial Statements.

	5.7	Financial Condition.  The Borrower and the Guarantor is each 
solvent, able to pay its debts as they mature, has capital sufficient to 
carry on its business and has assets the fair market value of which 
exceed its liabilities, and neither the Borrower nor the Guarantor will 
be rendered insolvent, under-capitalized or unable to pay maturing debts 
by the execution or performance of this Agreement, the Guaranty or the 
other documents contemplated hereby.  There has been no material adverse 
change in the business, properties or condition (financial or otherwise) 
of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor since the date 
of the latest of the Financial Statements.

	5.8	Conditions Precedent.  As of each Disbursement Date, all 
appropriate conditions precedent referred to in Section 4 hereof shall 
have been satisfied or waived in writing by the Bank.  

	5.9	Taxes.  The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and the Guarantor has 
each filed by the due date therefor all federal, state and local tax 
returns and other reports it is required by law to file, has paid or 
caused to be paid all taxes, assessments and other governmental charges 
that are shown to be due and payable under such returns, and has made 
adequate provision for the payment of such taxes, assessments or other 
governmental charges which have accrued but are not yet payable.  The 
Borrower has no knowledge of any deficiency or assessment in connection 
with any taxes, assessments or other governmen-tal charges not adequately 
disclosed in the Financial Statements.

	5.10	Compliance with Laws.  The Borrower, its Subsidiaries and 
the Guarantor has each complied with all applicable laws, to the extent 
that failure to comply would materially interfere with the conduct of 
the business of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor. 

	5.11	Indebtedness.  Except as disclosed in the Financial Statements, neither
 the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries nor the Guaranto
has any indebtedness for money borrowed or any direct or indirect 
obligations under any leases (whether or not required to be capita-lized 
under GAAP) or any agreements of guarantee or surety except for the 
endorsement of negotiable instruments by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries 
or the Guarantor in the ordinary course of business for deposit or 
collection.

	5.12	Material Agreements.  Except as disclosed in the Financial Statements,
 neither the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries nor the 
Guarantor has any material leases, contracts or commit-ments of any kind 
(including, without limitation, employment agreements, collective 
bargaining agreements, powers of attorney, distribution contracts, 
patent or trademark licenses, contracts for future purchase or delivery 
of goods or rendering of services, bonus, pension and retirement plans, 
or accrued vacation pay, insurance and welfare agreements); to the best 
knowledge of Borrower, all parties to such agreements have complied with 
the provisions of such leases, contracts or commitments; and to the best 
knowledge of the Borrower, no party to such agreements is in default 
thereunder, nor has there occurred any event which with notice or the 
passage of time, or both, would constitute such a default.

	5.13	Margin Stock.  Neither the Borrower nor any of its 
Subsidiaries is engaged principally, or as one of its important 
activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of 
purchasing or carrying any "margin stock" within the meaning of 
Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, 
and no part of the proceeds of any loan hereunder will be used, directly 
or indirectly, to purchase or carry any margin stock or to extend credit 
to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any margin stock or 
for any other purpose which might violate the provisions of Regulation 
G, T, U or X of the said Board of Governors.  The Borrower does not own 
any margin stock.

	5.14	Pension Funding.  Neither the Borrower, any of its 
Subsidiaries nor the Guarantor has incurred any accumu-lated funding 
deficiency within the meaning of ERISA or incurred any liability to the 
PBGC in connection with any employee benefit plan established or 
maintained by the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor and 
no reportable event or prohibited transaction, as defined in ERISA, has 
occurred with respect to such plans.

	5.15	Misrepresentation.  No warranty or representation by the 
Borrower contained herein or in any certificate or other document 
furnished by the Borrower pursuant hereto contains any untrue statement 
of material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make 
such warranty or represen-tation not misleading in light of the 
circumstances under which it was made.  There is no fact which the 
Borrower has not disclosed to the Bank in writing which materially and 
adversely affects nor, so far as the Borrower can now foresee, is likely 
to prove to affect materially and adversely the business, operations, 
properties, prospects, profits or condition (financial or otherwise) of 
the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor or ability of the 
Borrower to perform this Agreement or the ability of the Guarantor to 
perform the Guaranty.

	5.19	No Conflicting Agreements.  Neither the Borrower, any of its 
Subsidiaries nor the Guarantor is in default under any shareholder 
agreement, preferred stock agreement or any other agreement to which it 
is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound, the effect of 
which might have a material adverse effect on the business or operations 
of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor.  No provision 
of the Certificate of Incorporation, By-Laws or preferred stock, if any, 
of the Borrower, and no provision of any existing mortgage, indenture, 
note, contract, agreement, statute (including, without limitation, any 
applicable usury or similar law), rule, regulation, judgment, decree or 
order binding on the Borrower or affecting the property of the Borrower 
conflicts with, or requires any consent under, or would in any way 
prevent the execution, delivery or carrying out of the terms of, this 
Agreement and the documents contemplated hereby, and the taking of any 
such action will not constitute a default under, or result in the 
creation or imposition of, or obligation to create any lien upon the 
property of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of any such mortgage, 
indenture, note, contract or agreement.

6.  Affirmative Covenants.

	On a continuing basis from the date of this Agreement until the 
later of the Termination Date or when the Indebtedness is paid in full 
and the Borrower has performed all of its other obligations hereunder, 
the Borrower covenants and agrees that it will: 

	6.1	Financial and Other Information.

		6.1.1	Annual Financial Reports.  Furnish to the Bank, in 
form and reporting basis satisfactory to the Bank, not later than ninety 
(90) days after the close of each fiscal year of the Borrower, beginning 
with the fiscal year ending June 30, 1994, financial statements of the 
Borrower on a consolidated basis containing the 
balance sheet of the Borrower as of the close of each such fiscal year, 
statements of income and retained earnings and a statement of cash flows 
for each such fiscal year, and such other comments and financial details 
as are usually included in similar reports.  Such reports shall be 
prepared in accordance with GAAP by independent certified public 
accountants of recognized standing selected by the Borrower and 
acceptable to the Bank and shall contain unqualified opinions as to the 
fairness of the statements therein contained. 

		6.1.2	Quarterly Financial Statements.  Furnish to the Bank 
not later than forty-five (45) days after the close of each quarter of 
each fiscal year of the Borrower, beginning with the fiscal quarter 
ending December 31, 1993, financial statements on a consolidated basis
 containing the balance sheet of the Borrower as of 
the end of each such period, statements of income and retained earnings 
of the Borrower and a statement of cash flows of the Borrower for the 
portion of the fiscal year up to the end of such period, and such other 
comments and financial details as are usually included in similar 
reports.  These statements shall be prepared on the same accounting 
basis as the statements required in Section 6.1.1 of this Agreement and 
shall be in such detail as the Bank may reasonably require, and the 
accuracy of the statements shall be certified by the chief executive or 
financial officer of the Borrower.

		6.1.4	Aging of Accounts Certificate.  In the event that 
Indebtedness exceeds $3,500,000.00 Borrower shall furnish to the Bank by 
the 15th of each month an aging of Borrower's Accounts Receivable as of 
the end of the preceding month in a form satisfactory to the Bank. 

		6.1.8	Adverse Events.  Promptly inform the Bank of the 
occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, or of any other 
occurrence which has or could reasonably be expected to have a 
materially adverse effect upon the Borrower's or any of its 
Subsidiaries' business, properties, or financial condition or upon the 
Borrower's ability to comply with its obligations hereunder.

		6.1.9	Shareholder Reports.  Promptly furnish to the Bank 
upon becoming available a copy of all financial statements, reports, 
notices, proxy statements and other communications sent by the Borrower 
or any of its Subsidiaries to their stockholders, and all regular and 
periodic reports filed by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries with 
any securities exchange, the Securities and Exchange Commission or any 
governmental authorities succeeding to any or all of the functions of 
said Commission or Bureau.

		6.1.10	Management Letters.  Furnish to the Bank, 
promptly upon receipt thereof, copies of all management letters and 
other reports of substance submitted to the Borrower or any of its 
Subsidiaries by independent certified public accountants in connection 
with any annual or interim audit of the books of the Borrower or any of 
its Subsidiaries.

		6.1.11	Other Information As Requested.  Promptly 
furnish to the Bank such other information regarding the operations, 
business affairs and financial condition of the Borrower and its 
Subsidiaries as the Bank may reasonably request from time to time and 
permit the Bank, its employees, attorneys and agents, to inspect all of 
the books, records and properties of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries 
at any reasonable time.  References in Section 6 to "the chief executive 
or financial officer" shall mean "the general partners" where the 
Borrower is a partnership.


	6.3	Taxes.  Pay promptly and within the time that they can be 
paid without late charge, penalty or interest all taxes, assessments and 
similar imposts and charges of every kind and nature lawfully levied, 
assessed or imposed upon the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, and their 
property, except to the extent being contested in good faith and, if 
requested by the Bank, bonded in an amount and manner satisfactory to 
the Bank.  If the Borrower shall fail to pay such taxes and assessments 
within the time they can be paid without penalty, late charge or 
interest the Bank shall have the option to do so, and the Borrower 
agrees to repay the Bank upon demand, with interest at the Contract 
Rate, all amounts so expended by the Bank.

	6.4	Maintain Corporation and Business.  Do or cause to be done 
all things necessary to preserve and keep in full force and effect the 
Borrower's and each of its Subsidiaries' corporate existence, rights and 
franchises and comply with all applicable laws; continue to conduct and 
operate its and each of its Subsidiaries' business substantially as 
conducted and operated during the present and preceding calendar year; 
at all times maintain, preserve and protect all franchises and trade 
names and preserve all the remainder of its and its Subsidiaries' 
property and keep the same in good repair, working order and condition; 
and from time to time make, or cause to be made, all needed and proper 
repairs, renewals, replacements, betterments and improvements thereto so 
that the business carried on in connection therewith may be properly and 
advantageously con-ducted at all times.  

	6.5	Maintain Tangible  Net Worth.  On a consolidated and non-
consolidated basis, maintain a Tangible Net Worth for it of not less 
than the amounts specified during the periods specified below:
 
		(a)	$35,000,000.00 from the date of this Agreement until 
December 1, 1995.

	6.6	Maintain Debt Ratio.  On a consolidated 
basis, maintain the ratio of its Debt to Tangible Net Worth at not more 
than 1.00 to 1.00. 

	6.7	Maintain Quick Ratio.  On a consolidated basis, maintain the ratio of its
 Quick Assets to Current 
Liabilities at not less than 1.25 to 1.00. 

	6.8	Maintain Profitability.  On a consolidated basis, Quarterly Operating
 Profits shall be greater than 
zero if the prior quarter's Quarterly Operating Profits were less than 
zero. 

	6.10	ERISA.  (a) At all times meet and cause each of the 
Subsidiaries to meet the minimum funding requirements of ERISA with 
respect to the Borrower's and Subsidiaries' employee benefit plans 
subject to ERISA; (b) promptly after the Borrower knows or has reason to 
know (i) of the occurrence of any event, which would constitute a 
reportable event or prohibited transaction under ERISA, or (ii) that the 
PBGC or the Borrower has instituted or will institute proceedings to 
terminate an employee pension plan, deliver to the Bank a certificate of 
the chief financial officer of the Borrower setting forth details as to 
such event or proceedings and the action which the Borrower proposes to 
take with respect thereto, together with a copy of any notice of such 
event which may be required to be filed with the PBGC; and (c) furnish 
to the Bank (or cause the plan administrator to furnish the Bank) a copy 
of the annual return (including all schedules and attachments) for each 
plan covered by ERISA, and filed with the Internal Revenue Service by 
the Borrower not later than ten (10) days after such report has been so 
filed.

	6.11	Use of Loan Proceeds.  Use the proceeds of the loan 
hereunder only for the purposes set forth in the recitals to this 
Agreement.

7.	Negative Covenants.

	On a continuing basis from the date of this Agreement until the 
later of the Termination Date or when the Indebtedness is paid in full 
and the Borrower has performed all of its other obligations hereunder, 
the Borrower covenants and agrees that it will not, and will not permit 
any Subsidiary to:  

	7.3	Stock Acquisition.  Purchase, redeem, retire or otherwise 
acquire any of the shares of its capital stock, or make any commitment 
to do so in excess of $1,000,000 in any given fiscal year. 

	7.4	Liens and Encumbrances.  Create, incur, assume or suffer to 
exist any mortgage, pledge, encumbrance, security interest, lien or 
charge of any kind upon any of its property or assets (including without 
limit any charge upon property purchased or acquired under a conditional 
sales or other title retaining agreement or lease required to be 
capitalized under GAAP)  whether now owned or hereafter acquired other 
than Permitted Liens. 

	7.5	Indebtedness.  Incur, create, assume or permit to exist any 
indebtedness or liability on account of deposits or advances or any 
indebtedness or liability for borrowed money, or any other indebtedness 
or liability evidenced by notes, bonds, debentures or similar 
obligations, or any other indebtedness whatsoever, except for (a) the 
Indebtedness, (b) indebtedness subordinated to the prior payment in full 
of the Indebtedness upon terms and conditions approved in writing by the 
Bank, (c) existing indebtedness to the extent set forth on attached 
Schedule 5.11, (d) trade indebtedness incurred and paid in the ordinary 
course of business, (e) contingent indebtedness to the extent permitted 
by Section 7.7 of this Agreement, and (f) indebtedness secured by 
Permitted Liens.  

	7.6	Extension of Credit.  Make loans, advances or extensions of 
credit to any Person, except for sales on open account and otherwise in 
the ordinary course of business.

	7.7	Guarantee Obligations.  Guarantee or otherwise, directly or 
indirectly, in any way be or become responsible for obligations of any 
other Person, whether by agreement to purchase the indebtedness of any 
other Person, agreement for the furnishing of funds to any other Person 
through the fur-nishing of goods, supplies or services, by way of stock 
purchase, capital contribution, advance or loan, for the purpose of 
paying or discharging (or causing the payment or discharge of) the 
indebtedness of any other Person, or otherwise, except for the 
endorsement of negotiable instruments by the Borrower in the ordinary 
course of business for deposit or collection; and except for aggregate
 guarantees not to exceed $500,000 at any one point in time.

	7.8	Subordinate Indebtedness.  Subordinate any indebtedness due 
to it from a Person to indebtedness of other creditors of such Person.

	7.9	Acquire Securities.  Purchase or hold beneficially any stock 
or other securities of, or make any investment or acquire any interest 
whatsoever in, any other Person, except for the common stock of the 
Subsidiaries owned by the Borrower on the date of this Agreement and 
except for certificates of deposit with maturities of one year or less 
of United States commercial banks with capital, surplus and undivided 
profits in excess of $100,000,000 and except for money market funds mutually
 agreed to by Bank and Borrower, and direct obligations 
States Government maturing within one year from the date of acquisition 
thereof.

	7.12	Pension Plan.  (a) Allow any fact, condition or event to 
occur or exist with respect to any employee pension or profit sharing 
plans established or maintained by it which might constitute grounds for 
termination of any such plan or for the court appointment of a trustee 
to administer any such plan, or (b) permit any such plan to be the 
subject of termination proceedings (whether voluntary or involuntary) 
from which termination proceedings there may result a liability of the 
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries to the PBGC which, in the opinion of 
the Bank, will have a materially adverse effect upon the operations, 
business, property, assets, financial condition or credit of the 
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries.

	7.13	Misrepresentation.  Furnish the Bank with any certificate or 
other document that contains any untrue statement of a material fact or 
omits to state a material fact necessary to make such certificate or 
document not misleading in light of the circumstances under which it was 
furnished.

	7.14	Margin Stock.  Apply any of the proceeds of the Note to the 
purchase or carrying of any "margin stock" within the meaning of 
Regulation U of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or 
any regulations, interpretations or rulings thereunder.


8.	Events of Default, Enforcement, Application of Proceeds.

	8.1	Events of Default.  The occurrence of any of the following 
events shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder: 

		8.1.1	Failure to Pay Monies Due.  If the Borrower shall fail 
to pay, when due, any principal or interest under  the Revolving Credit 
Note or any taxes, insurance or other amount payable by the Borrower 
under this Agreement or if the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the 
Guarantor shall fail to pay, when due, any indebtedness, obligation or 
liability whatsoever of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the 
Guarantor to the Bank.  

		8.1.2	Misrepresentation.  If any warranty or representation 
of the Borrower in connection with or contained in this Agreement, or if 
any financial data or other information now or hereafter furnished to 
the Bank by or on behalf of the Borrower, shall prove to be false or 
misleading in any material respect.
		8.1.3	Noncompliance with Bank Agreement.  If the Borrower, 
any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor shall fail to perform in the 
time and manner required any of its obligations or cove-nants under, or 
shall fail to comply with any of the provisions of, this Agreement or 
any other agreement with the Bank to which it may be a party, which does 
not involve the failure to make a payment when due (be it principal, 
interest, taxes, insurance or otherwise) and which is not cured by the 
Borrower within thirty (30) days after the earlier of the date of notice 
to the Borrower by the Bank of such Default or the date the Bank is 
notified, or should have been notified pursuant to the Borrower's 
obligation under Section 6.1.8 hereof, of such Default.

		8.1.4	Other Defaults.  If the Borrower, any of its 
Subsidiaries or the Guarantor shall default in the payment when due of 
any of its indebted-ness (other than to the Bank) or in the observance or 
performance of any term, covenant or condition in any agreement or 
instrument evidencing, securing or relating to such indebtedness, and 
such default be continued for a period sufficient to permit acceleration 
of the indebtedness, irrespective of whether any such default shall be 
forgiven or waived or there has been acceleration by the holder thereof.

		8.1.5	Judgments.  If there shall be rendered against the 
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor one or more judgments 
or decrees involving an aggregate liability of One Million Dollars 
($1,000,000.00) or more, which has or have become non-appealable and 
shall remain undischarged, unsatisfied by insurance and unstayed for 
more than thirty (30) days, whether or not consecutive; or if a writ of 
attachment or garnishment against the pro-perty of the Borrower, any of 
its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor shall be issued and levied in an 
action claiming One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) or more and not 
released or appealed and bonded in an amount and manner satisfactory to 
the Bank within thirty (30) days after such issuance and levy.

		8.1.6	Business Suspension, Bankruptcy, Etc.  If the 
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor shall voluntarily 
suspend transaction of its business; or if the Borrower, any of its 
Subsidiaries or the Guarantor shall not pay its debts as they mature or 
shall make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or 
proceedings in bankruptcy, or for reorganization or liquidation of the 
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor under the Bankruptcy 
Code or under any other state or federal law for the relief of debtors 
shall be commenced or shall be commenced against the Borrower, any of 
its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor and shall not be discharged within 
thirty (30) days of commencement; or a receiver, trustee or custodian 
shall be appointed for the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the 
Guarantor or for any substantial portion of their respective properties 
or assets.

		8.1.8	Inadequate Funding or Termination of Employee Benefit 
Plan(s). If the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor shall 
fail to meet its minimum funding requirements under ERISA with respect 
to any employee benefit plan established or maintained by it, or if any 
such plan shall be subject of termination proceedings (whether voluntary 
or involuntary) and there shall result from such termination proceedings 
a liability of Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor to the 
PBGC which in the opinion of the Bank will have a materially adverse 
effect upon the operations, business, property, assets, financial 
condition or credit of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the 
Guarantor, as the case may be.	

		8.1.9	Occurrence of Certain Reportable Events.  If there 
shall occur, with respect to any pension plan maintained by the 
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or the Guarantor any reportable event 
(within the meaning of Section 4043(b) of ERISA) which the Bank shall 
determine constitutes a ground for the termination of any such plan, and 
if such event continues for thirty (30) days after the Bank gives 
written notice to the Borrower, provided that termination of such plan 
or appointment of such trustee would, in the opi-nion of the Bank, have a 
materially adverse effect upon the operations, business, property, 
assets, financial condition or credit of the Borrower, any of its 
Subsidiaries or the Guarantor, as the case may be.

	8.2	 Acceleration of Indebtedness; Remedies.  Upon the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, all Indebtedness shall be due and 
payable in full immediately at the option of the Bank without 
presentation, demand, pro-test, notice of dishonor or other notice of any 
kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived.  Unless all of the 
Indebtedness is then immediately fully paid, the Bank shall have and may 
exercise any one or more of the rights and remedies for which provision 
is made for a secured party under the UCC, under the Security 
Agreements, the Continuing Collateral Mortgage or under any other 
document contemplated hereby or for which provision is provided by law 
or in equity, including, without limitation, the right to take 
possession and sell, lease or otherwise dispose of any or all of the 
Collateral and to set off against the Indebtedness any amount owing by 
the Bank to the Borrower and/or any property of the Borrower in 
possession of the Bank. The Borrower agrees, upon request of the Bank, 
to assemble the Collateral and make it available to the Bank at any 
place designated by the Bank which is reasonably convenient to the Bank 
and the Borrower.

	8.3	Application of Proceeds.  All of the Indebtedness shall 
constitute one loan secured by the Bank's security interest in the 
Collateral and by all other security interests, mortgages, liens, 
claims, and encumbrances now and from time to time hereafter granted 
from the Borrower to the Bank.  Upon the occurrence of an Event of 
Default which is not cured within the cure period, if any, provided 
under Section 8.2, the Bank may in its sole discretion apply the 
Collateral to any portion of the Indebtedness.  The proceeds of any sale 
or other disposition of the Collateral authorized by this Agreement 
shall be applied by the Bank, first upon all expenses authorized by the 
UCC or otherwise in connection with the sale and all reasonable 
attorneys' fees and legal expenses incurred by the Bank; the balance of 
the proceeds of such sale or other disposition shall be applied in the 
payment of the Indebtedness, first to interest, then to principal, then 
to other Indebtedness and the surplus, if any, shall be paid over to the 
Borrower or to such other Person or Persons as may be entitled thereto 
under applicable law.  The Borrower shall remain liable for any 
deficiency, which the Borrower shall pay to the Bank immediately upon 
demand.

	8.4	Cumulative Remedies.  The remedies provided for herein are 
cumulative to the remedies for collection of the Indebtedness as 
provided by law, in equity or by any mortgage, security agreement or 
other document contemplated hereby.  Nothing herein contained is 
intended, nor shall it be construed, to preclude the Bank from pursuing 
any other remedy for the recovery of any other sum to which the Bank may 
be or become entitled for the breach of this Agreement by the Borrower.


9.  Miscellaneous.

	9.1	Independent Rights.  No single or partial exercise of any 
right, power or privilege hereunder, or any delay in the exercise 
thereof, shall preclude other or further exercise of the rights of the 
parties to this Agreement.

	9.2	Covenant Independence.  Each covenant in this Agreement 
shall be deemed to be independent of any other covenant, and an 
exception or illegality in one cove-nant shall not create an exception or 
illegality in another covenant.

	9.3	Waivers and Amendments.  No forbearance on the part of the 
Bank in enforcing any of its rights under this Agreement, nor any 
renewal, extension or rearrangement of any payment or covenant to be 
made or performed by the Borrower hereunder, shall constitute a waiver 
of any of the terms of this Agreement or of any such right.  No Default 
or Event of Default shall be waived by the Bank except in a writing 
signed and delivered by an officer of the Bank, and no waiver of any 
other Default or Event of Default shall operate as a waiver of any 
Default or Event of Default or of the same Default or Event of Default 
on a future occasion.  No other amendment, modification or waiver of, or 
consent with respect to, any provision of this Agreement or the Note or 
other documents contemplated hereby shall be effective unless the same 
shall be in writing and signed and delivered by an officer of the Bank.

	9.4	Governing Law.  This Agreement, and each and every term and 
provi-sion hereof, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with 
the internal law of the State of California.  If any provisions of this 
Agreement shall for any reason be held invalid or unenforceable, such 
invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any other provision 
hereof, but this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid or 
unenforceable provisions had never been contained herein.

	9.5	Survival of Warranties, Etc.  All of the Borrower's 
covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made in connection 
with this Agreement and any document contemplated hereby shall survive 
the borrowing and the delivery of the Note hereunder and shall be deemed 
to have been relied upon by the Bank, notwithstanding any investigation 
heretofore or hereafter made by the Bank.  All statements contained in 
any certificate or other docu-ment delivered to the Bank at any time by 
or on behalf of the Borrower pur-suant hereto or in connection with the 
transactions contemplated hereby shall constitute representations and 
warranties by the Borrower in connection with this Agreement.

	9.6	Costs and Expenses.  The Borrower agrees that it will 
reimburse the Bank, upon demand, for all costs and expenses incurred by 
the Bank in connection with (i) collecting or attempting to collect the 
Indebtedness or any part thereof, (ii) maintaining or defending the 
Bank's security interests or liens (or the priority thereof), (iii) the 
enforcement of the Bank's rights or remedies under this Agreement or the 
other documents contemplated hereby, (iv) the preparation or making of 
any amendments, modifications, waivers or consents with respect to this 
Agreement or the other documents contemplated hereby, and/or (v) any 
other matters or proceedings arising out of or in connection with any 
lending arrangement between the Bank and the Borrower, which costs and 
expenses include without limit payments made by the Bank for taxes, 
insurance, assessments, or other costs or expenses which the Borrower is 
required to pay under this Agreement or the other documents contemplated 
hereby; expenses related to the examination of the Collateral; audit 
expenses; court costs and reasonable attorneys' fees (whether in-house 
or outside counsel is used, whether legal assistants are used, and 
whether such costs are incurred in formal or informal collection 
actions, federal bankruptcy proceedings, probate proceedings, on appeal 
or otherwise); and all other costs and expenses of the Bank incurred in 
connection with any of the foregoing.

	9.7	Payments on Saturdays, Etc.  Whenever any payment to be made 
hereunder shall be stated to be due on a Saturday, Sunday or any other 
day which is not a Business Day, such payment may be made on the next 
succeeding Business Day, and such extension, if any, shall be included 
in computing interest in connection with such payment.

	9.8	Binding Effect.  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit 
of and shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective 
successors and assigns; provided, however, that the Borrower may not 
assign or transfer its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior 
written consent of the Bank.

	9.9	Maintenance of Records.  The Borrower will keep all of its 
records concerning its business operations and accounting at its 
principal place of business.  The Borrower will give the Bank prompt 
written notice of any change in its principal place of business, or in 
the location of its records.

	9.10	Notices.  All notices and communications provided for herein 
or in any document contemplated hereby or required by law to be given 
shall be in writing (unless expressly provided to the contrary) and, if 
personally delivered, effective when delivered at the address below or, 
in the case of mailing, effective two (2) days after sending by first 
class mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:  (a) If to the 
Borrower, to: 85 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, CA 95134; and (b) if to 
the Bank, to: Pier 33 South Bulkhead, San Francisco, CA 94111; or to 
such other address as a party shall have designated to the other in 
writing in accordance with this section.  The giving of at least five 
(5) days notice before the Bank shall take any action described in any 
notice shall conclusively be deemed reasonable for all purposes; 
provided, that this shall not be deemed to require the Bank to give five 
day notice or any notice if not specifically required in this Agreement.

	9.11	Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in any number of 
coun-terparts with the same effect as if the signatures were upon the 
same instrument.

	9.12	Headings.  Article and section headings in this Agreement 
are included for the convenience of reference only and shall not 
constitute a part of this Agreement for any purpose.

	9.13	Release and Discharge.  Upon full payment of the 
Indebtedness and performance by the Borrower of all its other 
obligations hereunder, the parties shall thereupon automatically each be 
fully, finally and forever released and discharged from any claim, 
liability or obligation in connection with this Agreement and the other 
documents contemplated hereby.

	9.14	Waiver of Jury Trial.  The Borrower and the Bank hereby 
irrevocably waive the right to trial by jury with respect to any and all 
actions or proceedings at any time in which the Borrower and the Bank 
are parties arising out of this Agreement or the other documents 
contemplated hereby. 

	9.15  Integration.  This Agreement, Master Revolving Note, 
Security Agreements, Financing Statements, and such other agreements, 
documents and instruments as may be executed in connection herewith 
shall supersede all prior negotiations, agreements and commitments with 
respect to the subject matter hereof.  In the event of a conflict 
between this Agreement and any other agreement between the parties, this 
Agreement shall govern.

	9.16  Further Assurances.  Borrower shall execute such instruments 
and documents as Bank may request from time to time, and take such other 
actions to perfect and continue the security interest granted hereunder 
and otherwise to effect the purposes of this Agreement.

	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Borrower and the Bank have caused this 
Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of the day 
and year first written above.
							

By:  /s/ William D. Rasdal               By:  /s/ J. Scott Kamsler
     _____________________                    ____________________
       William D. Rasdal                        J. Scott Kamsler

Its:  Chief Executive Officer            Its:  Chief Financial Officer


                                         COMERICA BANK-California

                                         By:  /s/ Greg Atkinson
                                              _________________
                                                Greg Atkinson

                                         Its:  Corporate Banking Officer






LIST OF EXHIBITS




			
	

		EXHIBIT E		-	Revolving Credit Note



EXHIBIT E

REVOLVING CREDIT MASTER NOTE


$7,000,000.00San Francisco, California

December __1__, 1993

	FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned promises to pay to the order 
of COMERICA BANK-CALIFORNIA  (the "Bank") at Pier 33 South Bulkhead, San 
Francisco, California, on December __1_, 1993, the principal sum or so 
much of the principal sum of Seven Million Dollars ($7,000,000.00) as 
may from time to time have been advanced and be outstanding under that 
certain Revolving Credit Loan Agreement dated December _1__, 1993, 
between the undersigned and the Bank (the "Agreement") plus all accrued 
but unpaid interest thereon.

	The unpaid principal amount of this Note shall bear interest at 
the rate provided in Section 2.4 of the Agreement, which Agreement, as 
it may be amended from time to time, is by this reference incorporated 
herein and made a part hereof.  Interest shall be payable to the extent 
accrued on the first day of each consecutive calendar month, beginning 
December 1, 1993, until maturity (whether by acceleration or otherwise) 
and, thereafter, on demand at a rate equal to three percent (3%) per 
annum plus the rate otherwise prevailing hereunder, but in no event to 
exceed the Legal Rate (as defined in the Agreement).  

	This Note is a Master Note under which sums may or must be repaid 
from time to time and under which new advances are to be made by the 
Bank pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Agreement, and the 
books and records of the Bank shall constitute the best evidence of the 
amount of the indebtedness at any time owing hereunder.

 	The Bank is hereby granted a security interest in all property of 
the undersigned at any time in the possession of the Bank or any 
Affiliate (as defined in the Agreement) of the Bank (or as to which the 
Bank or any Affiliate of the Bank at any time controls possession by 
documents or otherwise) and in all balances of deposit or other accounts 
(including without limit an account evidenced by a certificate of 
deposit) of the undersigned from time to time with the Bank or any 
Affiliate of the Bank.

	If an Event of Default (as defined in the Agreement) occurs and is 
not cured within the time, if any, provided for by the Agreement, the 
Bank may exercise any one or more of the rights and remedies granted by 
the Agreement or any document contemplated thereby or given to a secured 
party under applicable law, including without limit the right to 
accelerate this Note and any other Indebtedness (as defined in the 
Agreement), and may set off against the principal of and interest on 
this Note or against any other Indebtedness (i) any amount owing by the 
Bank to the undersigned, (ii) any property of the undersigned at any 
time in the possession of the Bank or any Affiliate of the Bank and 
(iii) any amount in any deposit or other account (including without 
limit an account evidenced by a certificate of deposit) of the 
undersigned with the Bank or any Affiliate of the Bank.

	The undersigned and all accommodation parties, guarantors and 
indorsers (i) waive presentment, demand, protest and notice of dishonor, 
(ii) agree that no extension or indulgence to the undersigned or release 
or non-enforcement of any security, whether with or without notice, 
shall affect the obligations of any accommodation party, guarantor or 
indorser, and (iii) agree to reimburse the holder of this note for any 
and all costs and expenses incurred in collecting or attempting to 
collect any and all principal and interest under this Note (including, 
but not limited to, court costs and reasonable attorney fees, whether 
in-house or outside counsel is used and whether such costs and expenses 
are incurred in formal or informal collection actions, federal 
bankruptcy proceedings, appellate proceedings, probate proceedings, or 
otherwise).  This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance 
with the laws of the State of California.

	IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Note as of 
the ___1__ day of December, 1993.


	 

	By:  /s/ William D. Rasdal
           _____________________
             William D. Rasdal

	Its:  Chief Executive Officer

      By:  /s/ J. Scott Kamsler
           ____________________
             J. Scott Kamsler

      Its:  Chief Financial Officer

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES
<TEXT>

 EXHIBIT 21.1

                             SYMMETRICOM, INC.

                         SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

          Analog Solutions, Inc., a California corporation
          Telecom Solutions, Inc., a Delaware corporation
          Telecom Solutions Puerto Rico, Inc., a Delaware corporation
          Linfinity Microelectronics Inc., a Delaware corporation 
          Telecom Solutions (Europe) Limited, a United Kingdom         
Corporation
          Navstar Systems Ltd., a United Kingdom Corporation




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23.1
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EXHIBIT 23.1 INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT
<TEXT>

EXHIBIT 23.1

                   INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT






     We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration 
Statement No. 33-38384 on Form S-8, Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to 
Registration Statement No. 33-3456 on Form S-8, Post-Effective Amendment 
No. 2 to Registration Statement No. 33-11317 on Form S-8, Post-Effective 
Amendment No. 3 to Registration Statement No. 2-70291 on Form S-8 and 
Registration Statement No. 33-52356 on Form S-8 of our report dated July 
28, 1994, appearing in and incorporated by reference in the Annual Report 
on Form 10-K of Symmetricom, Inc. and Subsidiaries for the year ended 
June 30, 1994.




/s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP
_________________________


DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP

San Jose, California
September 16, 1994



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
