-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 k1WX7CCoQKhJDPbJGpm9VGTSiUy/3lKiEoS9++B5Eibwm+fYgCKeT9m3KJRxunMQ
 EzmTlzaBYaSJgUkIx/03Ew==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000096879-94-000009.txt : 19940822
<IMS-HEADER>0000096879-94-000009.hdr.sgml : 19940822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000096879-94-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940528
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940815

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TEKTRONIX INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000096879
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3825
		IRS NUMBER:				930343990
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-04837
		FILM NUMBER:		94543902

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2660 SW PKWY
		CITY:			WILSONVILLE
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5036277111

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 100
		CITY:			WILSONVILLE
		STATE:			OR
		ZIP:			97070-1000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>1994 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                       
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                            Washington, D.C.  20549

                                   FORM 10-K

[X]  Annual report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934 for the fiscal year ended May 28, 1994 or
[ ]  Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
     Exchange Act of 1934 for the transition period from        to         
                                                         ______    ______
     Commission file number 1-4837

                                TEKTRONIX, INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)

            Oregon                                     93-0343990
(State or other jurisdiction of                     (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                     Identification No.)

   26600 S.W. Parkway Avenue  
      Wilsonville, Oregon                               97070
(Address of principal executive offices)              (Zip Code)

Registrant's telephone number, including area code:  (503) 627-7111

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                  Name of each exchange on
    Title of each class                                which registered   
    ___________________                           ________________________
    Common Shares,                                New York Stock Exchange
    without par value                             Pacific Stock Exchange

    Series A No Par Preferred                     New York Stock Exchange
    Shares Purchase Rights                        Pacific Stock Exchange

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None

         Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes    X     .  No           .
   __________     ___________

         Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will
not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive
proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of
this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

         The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-

affiliates of the Registrant was approximately $900,107,115 at August 1,
1994.

         At August 1, 1994 there were 30,103,851 Common Shares of the
Registrant outstanding.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
                      ___________________________________

Document                             Part of 10-K into which incorporated
________                             ____________________________________
Registrant's Proxy Statement         Part III
dated August 3, 1994

1994 Annual Report to Shareholders   Parts I, II and IV


<PAGE>
                                      PART I


Item 1.  Business.

          Tektronix is an Oregon corporation organized in 1946.  Its principal
executive offices are located at 26600 S.W. Parkway Avenue, Wilsonville,
Oregon 97070, approximately 18 miles south of Portland.  Its telephone number
is (503) 627-7111.  References herein to "Tektronix" or the "Company" are to
Tektronix, Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries unless the context indicates
otherwise.

          Tektronix' products cover a wide range of electronic equipment.  The
Company's products may be grouped into four classes of similar products as
follows:  (i) measurement business products, (ii) color printing and imaging
products, (iii) video systems products, and (iv) network displays products. 
Measurement business products include digital and analog oscilloscopes,
general purpose test instruments, television waveform monitors, vectorscopes,
signal generators, automated test equipment, logic analyzers, card-modular
test instruments, spectrum analyzers, cable testers, optical fiber testers,
cameras, probes and related products.  Color printing and imaging products
include color printers and related products and supplies.  Video systems
products include studio production equipment, signal processing and
distribution equipment, transmission systems and related products.  Network
displays products include graphics terminals and related products.

                                   Products
                                   ________

          The table below sets forth the contribution to total net sales of
the Company's product groupings for the last three fiscal years (in thousands
of dollars).

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

       Measurement         Color Printing
        Business            and Imaging        Video Systems    Network Displays       Other
        Products              Products            Products          Products        Products <F1>  
     _______________      _________________     _____________    ________________   _______________

     Amount  Percent      Amount    Percent   Amount  Percent   Amount   Percent     Amount  Percent
     ______  _______      ______    _______   ______  _______   ______   _______     ______  _______
<S>  <C>       <C>       <C>          <C>     <C>       <C>     <C>         <C>      <C>        <C> 

1992 $761,642  58.7%     $197,079     15.2%   $151,534  11.7%   $90,386     7.0%     $96,602    7.5% 

1993 $704,396  54.1%     $248,413     19.1%   $162,938  12.5%   $87,928     6.7%     $98,703    7.6%

1994 $664,048  50.4%     $313,502     23.8%   $152,441  11.5%   $89,378     6.8%     $98,635    7.5%
____________
<FN>
<F1>(1) The Other product grouping includes the historic net sales to third
        parties by the non-strategic components and other business operations
        that the Company divested in 1994 and early 1995 or intends to divest in
        the near future.  During 1994, the Company sold its integrated circuits
        operation to Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. and transferred its 
        hybrid circuits operation to a joint venture with Maxim, and in early 
        1995 completed the sale of approximately 65% of the stock of its 
        printed circuit board operation in the initial public offering of 
        Merix Corporation.
</TABLE>     
                                       1

<PAGE>

Measurement Business Products
_____________________________

          Because of their wide range of capabilities, measurement business
products are used in a variety of applications, including research, design,
testing, installation, manufacturing and service in the computer, military,
commercial aerospace, telecommunications, television, process control and
automotive industries.

          Tektronix pioneered the development of high precision oscilloscopes
over 45 years ago, and the oscilloscope is the Company's primary measurement
product.  Oscilloscopes are used by engineers and technicians when an
electrical signal needs to be viewed, measured, tested or calibrated. 
Oscilloscopes are used extensively in the computer, communications, aerospace
and other industries for design, manufacturing and maintenance.  In addition
to electrical signals, oscilloscopes can be adapted to measure mechanical
motion (vibration), sound, light, heat, pressure, strain and velocity.

          Oscilloscopes produce graphic representations of electrical signals
on a cathode ray tube or other display device.  Normally, the display shows
the signal as a graph of its amplitude over a certain period of time, which
may range from minutes to less than a billionth of a second.  Oscilloscopes
provide a convenient way to visually monitor and interpret analog electrical
fluctuations, mechanical motion and sound.

          The development of the microprocessor and associated growth in
microprocessor-based devices stimulated both the existing analog markets and
new digital markets.  In addition, the microprocessor made possible
significant improvements in oscilloscope design and performance.  Most of the
oscilloscopes and other measurement products manufactured by Tektronix feature
digital storage and conversion functions, programmable operations, the ability
to work in conjunction with personal computers and workstations and
combinations of these capabilities.  In addition, trends toward smaller
microelectronic devices have opened new segments for specialized measurement
equipment probes and other related equipment, such as connectors, adapters and
cards, and cameras and plotters to record displayed waveforms.

          Recently, Tektronix redesigned a substantial portion of its
oscilloscope product line to provide a consistent "architecture" across
products and to enhance ease of use.  Because the Company manufactures
oscilloscopes in a wide range of configurations, bandwidths and other
performance characteristics and in sizes ranging from hand-held to large
laboratory units, this redesign provides customers with reduced learning time
and higher productivity.  The redesign also reduces the time required by the
Company to develop new products because many essential 

                                       2

<PAGE>

user interface aspects have been standardized.  Some elements of this redesign 
also have been patented and provide the Company with certain competitive 
advantages.

          The Company also offers modular instruments delivered on printed
circuit cards that can be mixed and matched by customers and plugged directly
into the backplane of industry-standard VXI-based card cages.  These are
controlled by personal computers or workstations to form complete instrument
systems tailored to customers' particular requirements.  A number of
measurement products are now available in the VXI standard, which products are
used primarily in manufacturing applications.  Tektronix has been instrumental
in the development of VXI-based hardware and software industry standards.

          Measurement business products also include television test products,
formerly reported as Television Systems products.  Television test products
include vectorscopes, waveform monitors, signal generators, automated test
equipment, demodulators, aural modulation monitors and synchronizers which are
used primarily by the television industry to test and display the quality of
video and audio signals.  The resolution of images and the fidelity of sounds,
as well as the stability of the signals that carry them, are essential to
program quality.  Tektronix' television test products excel at the many forms
of test and measurement vital to creating and maintaining signals of the
highest quality.

          Market changes are driving the development of new categories of
products from Tektronix.  The proliferation of electronic technology is
requiring technicians and craftspeople to use smart electronic tools for
electronic problem detection in areas such as automotive and electrical
equipment repair and maintenance.  TekTools(tm), Tektronix' new line of 
handheld, smart and rugged products, are designed specifically for these 
markets.  Under the TekTools brand are a number of products such as a family 
of Digital Multimeters and a new line of products, the TekMeter(tm) family, 
that combine the functionality of a multimeter and oscilloscope into one 
product, and a number of accessories.  An automotive version of the TekMeter 
has been developed for automotive electronic troubleshooting and repair and 
is being distributed to automotive service centers through third party 
distributors that specialize in distribution to the automotive market.  
Currently, the TekTools product family includes products priced from below 
$100 up to about $2,000.

          While TekTools are battery powered portable products, the Company
also markets a line of lower priced benchtop basic instruments such as
frequency counters, multimeters, power supplies and oscilloscopes. 
Applications include education, light manufacturing, electronic trouble
shooting and basic electronic design.

                                       3

<PAGE>

          Other measurement business products include logic analyzers,
spectrum analyzers and cable and fiber optic testers.

          Logic analyzers are a principal tool for electronic designers,
engineers and technicians in testing and trouble-shooting computers, computer
peripheral devices and digital electronic systems and instruments.  Logic
analyzers capture, display and examine streams of data coded as binary digits
(bits), which are transmitted simultaneously over many channels.  The
Company's Digital Analysis System (DAS), a broad application logic analyzer,
combines logic analysis and pattern generation by using card modular plug-in
units to permit a range of performance in one system.  The DAS is also used by
software engineers in the development and optimization of microprocessor based
designs.

          Spectum analyzers are used in communications and other industries to
display and measure signal amplitude versus frequency rather than amplitude
versus time (the latter being what an oscilloscope displays).  It is an
essential tool used to design, check and adjust communications transmitting
and receiving equipment.

          Products designed for the telecommunications industry play an
increasingly important role in the Company's measurement business portfolio. 
Tektronix is a leading supplier of a broad range of test solutions for
emerging networks, designed for ensuring integrity and optimizing performance
of networks, and verifying design and assuring quality of communications
equipment.  Cable testers and fiber optic testers use time-domain-
reflectometry techniques to locate faults in metallic and fiber optic cables. 
Essentially, these instruments send signals from one end of a cable and then
measure the reflection time of the signals to determine the location of the
fault.  Cable testers and fiber optic testers are widely used in the
telecommunication and cable television industries.  The Company also has
developed a series of products for SDH or SONET transmission testing in the
telecommunications industry.

          Other measurement business products include digitizers, signal
sources, curve tracers and modular lines of general purpose test instruments.


Color Printing and Imaging Products
___________________________________

          Tektronix' color printing and imaging products include color
printers and related products and supplies. 

          Color printers produce full color hard copies of images produced by
personal computers, workstations and terminals.  Most of the Company's
printers are compatible with the Postscript industry standard page description 
language, which specifies how an image is transferred to hard copy.  By 
adopting the Postscript 

                                       4

<PAGE>

standard, color printers can be used in conjunction with a wide range of 
third-party graphics software.  Tektronix produces color printers using 
thermal wax, phase change ink jet and dye sublimation color transfer 
technologies.  The printers are controlled by software designed and
implemented by the Company.  Tektronix has developed proprietary technology
that uses solid sticks of ink, of the Company's own formulation, that are
melted and then jetted onto the paper.  This technology produces vivid and
stable images, allows printing on plain rather than coated paper and can be
applied to a wide range of sizes and gauges of paper.

          The use of color in computing and printing has been stimulated by
enhancements in the underlying microprocessor technology of personal computers
and workstations, by increasingly larger system and peripheral storage
capabilities, and by enhancements in computer display capability.  As personal
computers increasingly become capable of displaying images (instead of just
characters), there has been an accompanying growth in demand for printers that
can print such images in color.  This demand has been especially strong in
certain scientific and engineering segments and in the graphic arts segment,
where color has typically been a strong element of the way information is
conveyed.  The Company's printers are used in a number of environments,
including office, graphic arts and engineering applications.

          The purchase of a printer has typically been the second largest
dollar expense of a personal computer user, second only to the basic computer
system.  While a substantial majority of the spending on printers has been
directed to black and white (monochrome) printers, color printers have been a
rapidly growing segment of the total printer market.  As color printer
technology advances and as prices for color printers approach the costs of
higher performance monochrome printers, the market for color printers can be
expected to show continued growth.  In the past, there have been two
significant areas of application for color printers.  The first type of
application is characterized by high quality output and higher prices, and
color printers in this application are used to produce very high quality
images that approach the quality of four-color offset printing.  The second
type of application is characterized by color text and images approaching the
resolution of monochrome ink jet and laser printers and lower user costs. 
Tektronix participates primarily in the second application area, with products
that range in price from approximately $3,000 (suggested list price) up to
approximately $15,000.  Products in the first application area typically sell
for three to ten times more than the prices of the products in the second
application area.

          While the market for color printers is currently growing rapidly, it
is still much smaller than the market for 

                                       5

<PAGE>

monochrome printers.  Moreover, it is characterized by intense and increasing 
competition, resulting in a competitive pricing environment.  Because the 
market for color hard copy is still small compared to the market for 
monochrome printers, distribution of products from manufacturer to end user 
is less efficient.  The Company expects distribution channels to expand as 
color hard copy becomes a more prominent feature in computer applications.

          Also included in color printing and imaging products are supplies
for use with the Company's color printers, including inks, ribbons and paper. 
These supplies are a very significant source of ongoing color printing and
imaging revenue.


Video Systems Products
______________________

          The increasing use of television to communicate a broad array of
information and entertainment has created markets for a number of products
that support the development of "content" for distribution by television
signals.  As television distribution systems become more powerful, there is
greater potential for increased usage via integration of computer applications
with television.  Those trends, coupled with the increasing use of cable and
satellite to distribute content, are expanding the market for Tektronix' video
systems products.  These trends may result in increased demand for lower cost
production products based on industry standard platforms and for systems that
support the development and distribution of new forms of content, such as
multimedia products.

          Most video systems products are from The Grass Valley Group, Inc.
("Grass Valley"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company based in California
that manufactures products used by the television industry for program
production and distribution.  Grass Valley products include studio production
equipment, signal processing and distribution equipment and transmission
systems.  Studio production equipment is used in the creative process of
television program production and assembly.  Production equipment products
include production switchers, special effects devices and editing controllers. 
Production switchers allow an operator to select signals from various sources,
such as cameras, video tape recorders and network or remote transmissions, and
to combine these signals into the continuous program seen by the viewing
audience.  Grass Valley also manufactures electronic graphics systems which
are used to create video titles and graphics for use in television program
production.  Signal processing and distribution equipment is used in the
process of moving signals within a television production facility or between
facilities.  Such equipment includes routing switchers, amplifiers, timing
systems and signal conversion devices.  Transmission systems are used in the
process of transporting 

                                       6

<PAGE>

signals between facilities.  Transmission system products include fiber optic 
video transmitter/receiver systems, digital video coders/decoders, 
cross-connect switches and interactive conferencing systems including distance 
learning systems.  Grass Valley's customers include the television networks, 
local television stations, post-production houses (which assemble commercials 
and television programs from recorded footage), telephone and cable companies 
and corporate and educational users.
                                                                             
        Other video systems products include the Company's new Profile (tm) 
product which is a disk-based, multi-channel video storage and playback system
for use by television broadcasters in video library systems.


Network Displays Products
_________________________

          The Company's major network displays product line is its X
terminals, which are standards-based graphics terminals that also provide
multiple windowing and networking capability.  The Company's X terminals
connect users with a host computer and other devices, such as a printer, that
make up a computing system.  Many X terminal applications involve a central
"server" (containing applications and data) connected to multiple terminals,
thereby allowing a number of users to access those applications and data.  The
Company no longer manufactures its older line of proprietary graphics
terminals, but it still has a service business for its installed base for such
products.  This service business has continually declined as the installed
base of these proprietary graphics terminals declines.

          X terminal products are based on standard architecture originally
developed by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  As a result, it is
difficult for any manufacturer to develop a proprietary advantage in either
the underlying hardware or in elements of the operating system.  As a result,
competition in the X terminals market is intense.  The Company's graphics
terminals have historically been used in technical applications such as
mechanical engineering design, drafting and mapping.  As a result, the Company
has enjoyed a strong position in the technical and scientific segments of the
market.  Recently, the market has expanded and shifted to commercial
applications from scientific and engineering applications.  In accordance with
this trend, recent additions to the Company's X terminal product line focus on
new commercial and business applications, as well as engineering applications. 
Commercial customers now account for a major portion of the Company's X
terminal revenues.

                                       7

<PAGE>

                                 Manufacturing
                                 _____________

          During 1994, the Company sold its integrated circuits operation to
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. and transferred its hybrid circuits operation
to a joint venture with Maxim, and in early 1995 completed the sale of
approximately 65% of the stock of its printed circuit board operation in the
initial public offering of Merix Corporation.  As a result of these activities
and other recent component operation divestitures, the Company's manufacturing
operations are no longer highly integrated.  The Company has entered into
supply agreements with each of the companies now operating the respective
component operations and, as a result, believes that the Company will be able
to acquire the required components as needed.  Other companies also
manufacture special components for Tektronix.

          Tektronix also purchases raw materials, components, data processing
equipment and computer peripheral devices for use in its products and systems. 
Such purchased materials and components are generally available to Tektronix
as needed.  Although shortages of such items have been experienced from time
to time, Tektronix believes that such shortages will not have a material
adverse effect on the Company.

          Tektronix owns substantially all of its manufacturing facilities. 
Its primary manufacturing facilities are located in or near the Portland,
Oregon metropolitan area.  Some of Tektronix' products, components and
accessories are manufactured in Heerenveen, The Netherlands and in Hong Kong. 
Tektronix recently announced that it plans to transform its Heerenveen plant
from a manufacturing operation to a logistics center.  Grass Valley's products
are manufactured near Grass Valley, California.  See Item 2, "Properties" for
a more detailed description of the Company's manufacturing facilities.

          Certain Tektronix products are assembled for the Japanese market at
plants in Tokyo and Gotemba, Japan by Sony/Tektronix Corporation, a Japanese
corporation equally owned by Tektronix and Sony Corporation.  Sony/Tektronix
also designs and manufactures small, lightweight portable oscilloscopes,
benchtop semiconductor testers and digitizers in Japan for sale worldwide.

                            Sales and Distribution
                            ______________________

          Tektronix maintains its own worldwide sales engineering and field
maintenance organization, staffed with technically trained personnel.  Sales
in the United States, Canada, Brazil, the United Kingdom, Germany, France,
Italy, Spain, The Netherlands, Belgium, Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland,
Switzerland, The Republic of Ireland, Australia, Austria, Hong Kong, Taiwan
and Mexico are made primarily through field offices 

                                       8

<PAGE>

of the Company and its subsidiaries located in principal market areas.  Sales 
in the Peoples Republic of China are made through liaison offices of a Hong 
Kong subsidiary of the Company.  Except for Grass Valley products, sales in 
Japan are made by Sony/Tektronix Corporation.  Sales in India are made by 
Hinditron Tektronix Instruments, Ltd., an Indian company which is 40% owned 
by Tektronix.  Many of the Company's products are sold in whole or in part 
through independent distributors throughout the United States and in some 
other countries.  Certain of the Company's independent distributors also sell 
products manufactured by the Company's competitors.  In some countries, all 
sales are made either directly by Tektronix or by independent representatives 
to whom Tektronix provides direct technical and administrative assistance.  A 
number of the Tektronix field offices also perform major maintenance and
reconditioning operations.

          Tektronix' principal customers are electronic and computer equipment
manufacturers, private industrial concerns engaged in commercial or
governmental projects, military and nonmilitary agencies of the United States
and of foreign countries, public utilities, educational institutions, radio
and television stations and networks, graphics arts companies and users of
sophisticated office products.  Certain products are sold both to equipment
users and to original equipment manufacturers.

          During the last fiscal year, United States Government agencies
accounted directly for approximately three percent of Tektronix' consolidated
sales as compared with approximately four percent for the prior year.  During
the last five years, direct sales to United States Government agencies ranged
from three to six percent.  The balance of sales during each year was
distributed among several thousand other customers, with no other single
customer accounting for as much as three percent.  The Company believes that
sales directly related to United States Government expenditures (excluding
sales to the United States Government) were approximately four percent of
Tektronix' consolidated sales for the last fiscal year.  Contracts involving
the United States Government are subject, as is customary, to termination by
the Government at its convenience.

          Most Tektronix product sales are sold as standard catalog items. 
Tektronix attempts to fill its orders as promptly as possible.  At May 28,
1994, Tektronix' unfilled product orders amounted to approximately $108
million, as compared to approximately $107 million at May 29, 1993.  Tektronix
expects that substantially all unfilled product orders at May 28, 1994 will be
filled during its current fiscal year.  Orders received by the Company are
subject to cancellation by the customer.

                                       9

<PAGE>

                             International Sales
                             ___________________

          The following table sets forth the breakdown between U.S. and
international sales, based upon purchaser location, for each of the last three
fiscal years (in thousands of dollars):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  U.S. Sales              International Sales   
                __________________        ___________________
                Amount     Percent        Amount      Percent
                ______     _______        ______      _______
     <S>        <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
     1992       $670,291     51.7%        $626,952      48.3%
     1993       $713,734     54.8%        $588,644      45.2%
     1994       $737,451     56.0%        $580,553      44.0%

</TABLE>

See "Business Segments" in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements at
page 20 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders, containing
information on sales, operating income and assets by geographic area based
upon the location of the seller, which is hereby incorporated by reference.

          Tektronix products are sold worldwide.  European sales are made
principally in Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Italy, Spain,
Sweden, The Netherlands and Austria.  Other international sales are
principally in Japan, Canada and Australia.  International sales include both
export sales from the United States and sales by foreign subsidiaries. 
Fluctuating exchange rates and other factors beyond the control of Tektronix,
such as the stability of international monetary conditions, tariff and trade
policies and domestic and foreign tax and economic policies, affect the level
and profitability of international sales.  The Company is unable to predict
the effect of these factors on its business.  The Company hedges against
certain currency exposures in order to minimize their impact.

                           Research and Development
                           ________________________

          Tektronix operates in an industry characterized by rapid
technological change and research and development are important elements in
its business.  Expenditures during fiscal years ended May 30, 1992, May 29,
1993 and May 28, 1994 for research and development amounted to approximately
$169,183,000, $157,068,000 and $153,148,000, respectively.  Almost all of
these funds were Company-generated.

          Research and development activities are conducted by central
research and design groups and specialized product development groups.  These
activities include: (i) research on basic devices and techniques (ii) the
design and development of products and components and specialized equipment
and (iii) the development of processes needed for production.  Most of
Tektronix' research and development is devoted to enhancing and developing its
own products.

                                      10

<PAGE>

                                    Patents
                                    _______

          It is Tektronix' policy to seek patents in the United States and
appropriate foreign countries for its significant patentable developments. 
However, electronic equipment as complex as most Tektronix products is
generally not patentable in its entirety.  The Company believes that its
business is not dependent to any material extent upon any particular patent or
group of patents or upon any licensing arrangement.


                                  Competition
                                  ___________

          The electronics industry continues to become more competitive, both
in the United States and abroad.  Primary competitive factors are product
performance, technology, customer service, product availability and price. 
Tektronix believes that its reputation in the marketplace is also a
significant positive competitive factor.  With respect to many of its
products, the Company competes with companies that have substantially larger
resources.

          Tektronix is the world's largest manufacturer of oscilloscopes and
no single competitor offers as complete a line.  Tektronix is the leading
manufacturer of test and measurement equipment for the television industry.

          Tektronix has competed for a number of years in the market for logic
analyzers with several companies.  While a competitor has a larger market
share in logic analyzers, Tektronix is the only other significant manufacturer
in this relatively small segment of the instrumentation market.

          Tektronix competes with a number of companies in specialized areas
of other test and measurement products, and it competes with one large company
that sells a broad line of test and measurement products.

          A large number of manufacturers, including computer manufacturers,
compete with Tektronix in the markets for color printers and X terminals. 
Tektronix is a leader in the market for workgroup color printers and the
leader in dye sublimation, Phase-change and thermal wax color printers. 
Tektronix is the fastest growing major supplier of X terminals and it now
ranks third in unit sales.

          Tektronix competes with a number of electronics firms that
manufacture specialized equipment for the television industry, both with
respect to its television test and measurement products and the products of
Grass Valley.  Grass Valley is the leading manufacturer of high-performance
production switchers, a leading manufacturer of high-performance

                                      11

<PAGE>

distribution/processing equipment and a significant factor in its other
markets.


                                  Employees
                                  _________

          At May 28, 1994, Tektronix had 8,468 employees, of whom 1,390 were
located in foreign countries.  Tektronix' employees in the United States and
most foreign countries are not covered by collective bargaining agreements. 
The Company believes that relations with its employees are good.


                                 Environment
                                 ___________

          The Company's facilities are subject to numerous laws and
regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment, or
otherwise relating to protection of the environment.  Compliance with these
laws has not had and is not expected to have a material effect upon the
capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position of the Company.


                        Executive Officers of the Company
                        _________________________________

          The following are the executive officers of the Company:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Has Served As
                                                  An Officer of
Name                 Position              Age    Tektronix Since
____                 ________              ___    _______________
<S>                  <C>                    <C>        <C>

Jerome J. Meyer      Chairman, Chief        56         1990
                     Executive Officer
                     and Director

William D. Walker    Vice Chairman of       63         1992 (also
                     the Board, Director               served in
                                                       1990 and
                                                       from 1969
                                                       to 1984)

Delbert W. Yocam     President and Chief    50         1992
                     Operating Officer,
                     Director

Roy D. Barker        Vice President,        53         1993
                     Color Printing and
                     Imaging Division

Daniel W. Castles    Vice President and     38         1993
                     President, The Grass
                     Valley Group, Inc.

John P. Karalis      Vice President,        56         1992
                     Corporate Development
                     and Secretary
</TABLE>
                                      
                                      12

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Has Served as
                                                  An Officer of
Name                 Position              Age    Tektronix Since
____                 ________              ___    _______________
<S>                  <C>                    <C>        <C>

Richard I. Knight    Vice President,        47         1988
                     Technology


Carl W. Neun         Vice President and     50         1993
                     Chief Financial
                     Officer


Daniel Terpack       Vice President,        53         1993
                     Measurement Business
                     Division

Timothy E.           Vice President, Total  41         1991
  Thorsteinson       Quality and Human
                     Resources
        
John W. Vold         Vice President and     64         1991
                     President, Asian
                     Operations


Jack Raiton          Controller             50         1986

</TABLE>


          The executive officers are elected by the board of directors of the
Company at its annual meeting.  Executive officers hold their positions until
the next annual meeting or until their successors are elected, or until such
tenure is terminated by death, resignation or removal in the manner provided
in the bylaws.  There are no arrangements or understandings between executive
officers or any other person pursuant to which the executive officers were
elected and none of the executive officers are related.

          All of the executive officers named have been employed by Tektronix
in management positions for the last five years except:  Mr. Jerome J. Meyer
who joined Tektronix in 1990 and prior to that time served as President of the
industrial business of Honeywell, Inc. ("Honeywell") (from 1988 to 1990),
President and Chief Executive Officer of Honeywell Bull, Inc., now known as
Bull HN Information Systems, Inc. (from 1987 to 1988) and a Vice President of
Honeywell (from 1986 to 1987);  Mr. John W. Vold who joined Tektronix in 1991
and from 1987 to 1991 was Executive Vice President of Bull HN Information
Systems, Inc., and prior to that time was Vice President of the Airborne
Products Division of Unisys Corporation; Mr. Timothy E. Thorsteinson who
joined Tektronix in 1991 and from 1990 to 1991 was Director of Quality
Performance of National Semiconductor Corporation ("National Semiconductor")
and prior to that time held a number of management positions in human
resources management at National 

                                      13

<PAGE>

Semiconductor;  Mr. John P. Karalis who joined Tektronix in 1992 and prior to 
that time was with the law firm of Brown and Bain (from 1989 to 1992) and Vice 
President and General Counsel of Apple Computer, Inc. (from 1987 to 1989); 
Mr. Carl W. Neun who joined Tektronix in 1993 and prior to that time served as 
Senior Vice President of Administration and Chief Financial Officer of Conner 
Peripherals, Inc., (from 1987 to 1993); Mr. Delbert W. Yocam who joined 
Tektronix in 1992 and prior to that was an independent consultant (from 1990 
to 1992) and was President of Apple Pacific (from 1988 to 1989) and Executive 
Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Apple Computer, Inc. (from 1986 
to 1988); Mr. Daniel Terpack who joined Tektronix in 1992 and prior to that 
was General Manager of Hewlett-Packard Company's Corvallis, Oregon Division, 
responsible for portable computation products; and Mr. William D. Walker, who
is not an employee of the Company and has been a director of the Company since 
1980.

Item 2.  Properties.

          A brief description of the location and general characteristics of
the significant properties occupied by Tektronix in August of 1994 is set
forth below.  Tektronix believes that its operations are in compliance in all
material respects with requirements relating to environmental quality and
energy conservation.

          Tektronix owns a 265-acre industrial park (the "Howard Vollum Park")
near Beaverton, Oregon.  The Howard Vollum Park includes 23 buildings arranged
in a campus-like setting and containing an aggregate of approximately 2.6
million gross square feet of enclosed floorspace.  Most of the Company's
central research and development and a substantial portion of its product
manufacturing and administrative activities are located at Howard Vollum Park. 
The Company's measurement business products and television test equipment
products are manufactured primarily at Howard Vollum Park.  The Company leases
certain excess space at the Howard Vollum Park to other corporations.

          Measurement business operations are also conducted at three
buildings, containing approximately 414,000 square feet, at the Company's
48-acre site near Aloha, Oregon, approximately five miles west of Howard
Vollum Park.  The Company intends to consolidate these operations with
operations at Howard Vollum Park and the property is currently offered for
sale as surplus.

          The Company's Color Printing and Imaging Division, Network Displays
Division and corporate headquarters occupy three buildings containing
approximately 592,000 square feet on a 167-acre tract owned by the Company in
Wilsonville, Oregon, approximately 16 miles south of Howard Vollum Park.  An
additional 192,000 square foot building on the Company's Wilsonville property
is leased to another corporation.

                                      14

<PAGE>
     
          All of the buildings described above were constructed after 1957 and
are maintained in good condition.  Warehouses, production facilities and other
critical operations are protected by fire sprinkler installations.  Most
manufacturing, office and engineering areas are air-conditioned.  The Company
believes that its facilities described above are adequate for their intended
uses.  Capacity utilization within the Company varies between product area
but, in general, the Company has the capacity to increase production
substantially without adding significant plant capacity.

          Tektronix owns a 240-acre site six miles east of Vancouver,
Washington (Vancouver is across the Columbia River from Portland, Oregon.). 
The Company has leased the 488,000-square foot manufacturing facility that is
situated on the site to another corporation.  The property is surplus and the
Company is attempting to sell it.

          Tektronix owns 61 acres within an industrial park in Redmond,
Oregon, about 150 miles east of Portland; 136 acres in Fairview, Oregon, about
15 miles east of Portland; and 75 acres adjacent to and west of Howard Vollum
Park.  At the present time, the Company is attempting to sell these parcels of
undeveloped land.

          Grass Valley's operating facilities are primarily housed in ten
buildings containing a total of approximately 190,000 square feet of
floorspace on a 320-acre site owned by Grass Valley near Grass Valley,
California, and three buildings containing a total of approximately 149,000
square feet on Grass Valley's 116-acre tract of land in the neighboring town
of Nevada City.

          A 109,000-square-foot plant owned by Tektronix is located on 23
acres of land in Heerenveen, The Netherlands.

          Tektronix also owns a seven-acre site in Hoddesdon, England, with
manufacturing buildings containing about 47,000 square feet which is leased to
another corporation.  Tektronix is attempting to sell this facility.

          Domestic field offices in Santa Clara and Irvine, California;
Chicago, Illinois; and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania are owned by Tektronix. 
Together they comprise approximately 214,000 square feet.  All other Tektronix
U.S. field offices, aggregating approximately 190,000 square feet, are leased.

          Field offices near Cologne (101,000 square feet), London (83,000
square feet), and Sydney, Australia (23,000 square feet) are located in
buildings owned by the Company.  Field offices in other foreign countries
occupy leased premises.

                                      15
<PAGE>

Item 3.   Legal Proceedings.

           Mr. Jerome J. Lemelson has advised the Company that he believes
Tektronix is infringing certain of his patents which allegedly cover such
equipment or processes as bar code systems, machine vision, beam processing
and IC manufacturing techniques.  Mr. Lemelson's claims of infringement are
primarily based on general allegations that all manufacturers, including
Tektronix, which operate in certain industries must by the nature of their
activities be infringing Mr. Lemelson's patents.  Tektronix has had ongoing
communications with Mr. Lemelson's representatives in an effort to obtain more
specific information regarding the activities Mr. Lemelson believes are
infringing.  The Company is still investigating Mr. Lemelson's claims to
determine if they may relate to any of the Company's equipment, products or
processes.  The Company believes that ultimate resolution of these claims will
not have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of
operation.

          There are no other material pending legal proceedings.


Item 4.   Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders.

          No matter was submitted to a vote of security holders during the
fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report.

                                    PART II

Item 5.   Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
          Matters.

          The information required by this item is included on page 26 of the
Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders and is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 6.   Selected Financial Data.

          The information required by this item is included on page 27 of the
Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders and is incorporated herein by
reference.

Item 7.   Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
          Results of Operations.

          The information required by this item is included on pages 10
through 13 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders and is
incorporated herein by reference.

Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

          The information required by this item is included on pages 14
through 26 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders and is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                      16

<PAGE>

Item 9.   Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
          Financial Disclosure.

               None.

                                   PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant.

          The information required by this item regarding Directors is
included under "Board of Directors" and "Election of Directors" on pages 3 to
7 of the Company's Proxy Statement dated August 3, 1994.

          The information required by this item regarding officers is
contained under "Executive Officers of the Company" in Item 1 of Part I
hereof.

          The information required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K is included
under "Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act" on page 26 of the
Company's Proxy Statement dated August 3, 1994.

Item 11.  Executive Compensation.

          The information required by this item is included under "Directors'
Compensation" and "Executive Compensation" on pages 7 to 13 of the Company's
Proxy Statement dated August 3, 1994.

Item 12.  Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.

          The information required by this item is included under "Ownership
of Shares" and "Election of Directors" on page 2 and 4 to 7 of the Company's
Proxy Statement dated August 3, 1994.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions.

          None


                                    PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K.

     (a)  (1)  Financial Statements.
               ____________________

               The following documents are included in the Company's 1994
     Annual Report to Shareholders at the pages indicated and are incorporated
     herein by reference:

                                      
                                      17

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Page in 1994 Annual
                                        Report to Shareholders
                                        ______________________
     <S>                                             <C>
     Independent Auditors' Report                    14
     Consolidated Statements of Operations           15
     Consolidated Balance Sheets                     16
     Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows           17
     Consolidated Statements of Shareholders'        18
       Equity
     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements      19 to 26

</TABLE>

          (2)  Financial Statement Schedules.
               _____________________________

               The following schedules and independent auditors' consent and
     report are filed herewith:

          Schedule II -- Amounts Receivable from Related Parties
          Schedule V -- Property, Plant and Equipment
          Schedule VI -- Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization of 
            Property, Plant and Equipment
          Schedule IX -- Short-Term Borrowings
          Schedule X -- Supplementary Income Statement Information
          Independent Auditors' Consent and Report on Schedules
          All other schedules are omitted as the required information is
          inapplicable or is presented in the financial statements or related
          notes thereto.

          Separate financial statements for the registrant have been omitted
          because the registrant is primarily an operating company and the
          subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements are
          substantially totally held.  All subsidiaries of the registrant are
          included in the consolidated financial statements.  Summarized
          financial information for 50 percent or less owned persons in which
          the registrant has an interest is included in the Notes to
          Consolidated Financial Statements appearing in the Company's Annual
          Report to Shareholders.

          (3)  Exhibits:

               (3)(i)  Restated Articles of Incorporation, as
                       amended.  Incorporated by reference to
                       Exhibit (3) of Form 10-Q dated September
                       28, 1990, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                  (ii) Bylaws, as amended.

                (4)(i) Indenture dated as of November 16, 1987, as
                       amended by First Supplemental Indenture
                       dated as of July 13, 1993, covering the
                       registrant's 7-1/2% notes due August 1,
                       2003. Indenture incorporated by reference

                                      18

<PAGE>

                       to Exhibit 4(i) of Form 10-K dated August
                       22, 1990, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                  (ii) Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of
                       Regulation S-K, the registrant agrees to
                       furnish to the Commission upon request
                       copies of agreements relating to other
                       indebtedness.

               (10)(i) Restated Operating Performance Incentive
                       Plan, as amended. Incorporated by
                       reference to Exhibit (10)(i) of Form 10-Q
                       dated April 15, 1988, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                  (ii) 1982 Stock Option Plan, as amended. 
                       Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                       10(iii) of Form 10-K dated August 22, 1989,
                       SEC File No. 1-4837. 

                 (iii) Stock Incentive Plan, as amended. 
                       Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii)
                       of Form 10-Q dated April 9, 1993, SEC File
                       No. 1-4837.

                  (iv) Restated Annual Performance Improvement
                       Plan.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                       10(i) of Form 10-Q dated April 9, 1993, SEC
                       File No. 1-4837.

                   (v) Restated Deferred Compensation Plan. 
                       Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i)
                       of Form 10-Q dated December 20, 1984, SEC
                       File No. 1-4837.

                  (vi) Retirement Equalization Plan, as amended.
                       Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                       10(vii) of Form 10-K dated August 18, 1993,
                       SEC File No. 1-4837.

                 (vii) Severance Agreement entered into between
                       the Company and its named officers. 
                       Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                       10(viii)of Form 10-K dated August 18, 1993,
                       SEC File No. 1-4837.

                (viii) Indemnity Agreement entered into between
                       the Company and its named officers and
                       directors.  Incorporated by reference to
                       Exhibit 10(ix) of Form 10-K dated August
                       18, 1993, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                  (ix) Executive Severance Agreement.

                   (x) Retention Incentive Agreement.

                                      19

<PAGE>

                  (xi) Executive Compensation and Benefits
                       Agreement dated as of October 24, 1990. 
                       Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                       (10)(ii) of Form 10-Q dated December 21,
                       1990, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                 (xii) Executive Compensation and Benefits
                       Agreement dated as of October 1, 1992. 
                       Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                       (10)(iii) of Form 10-Q dated January 8,
                       1993, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                (xiii) Employment Letter Agreement dated September
                       1, 1992.

                 (xiv) Executive Compensation and Benefits
                       Agreement dated as of March 29, 1993.  

                  (xv) Rights Agreement dated as of August 16,
                       1990.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                       1 of Form 8-K dated August 27, 1990, SEC
                       File No. 1-4837.

                 (xvi) Non-Employee Directors' Deferred
                       Compensation Plan.

               (13)    Portions of the 1994 Annual Report to
                       Shareholders that are incorporated herein
                       by reference.

               (21)    Subsidiaries of the registrant.

               (24)    Powers of Attorney.

     (b)  No reports on Form 8-K have been filed during the last quarter of
          the period covered by this Report.


                                  SIGNATURES

          Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report 
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                      TEKTRONIX, INC.

                                      By /s/ Carl W. Neun            
                                         _______________________________
                                         Carl W. Neun
                                         Vice President and
                                         Chief Financial Officer

Dated:  August 11, 1994

                                      20

<PAGE>

          Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Signature                     Capacity                 Date
_________                     ________                 ____

<S>                           <C>                      <C>
JEROME J. MEYER *             Chairman and Chief       August 11, 1994
Jerome J. Meyer               Executive Officer,
                              Director


CARL W. NEUN                  Vice President and       August 11, 1994
Carl W. Neun                  Chief Financial Officer,
                              Principal Financial and
                              Accounting Officer


PAUL E. BRAGDON *             Director                 August 11, 1994
Paul E. Bragdon



PAUL C. ELY *                 Director                 August 11, 1994
Paul C. Ely



A.M. GLEASON *                Director                 August 11, 1994
A. M. Gleason  



WAYLAND R. HICKS *            Director                 August 11, 1994
Wayland R. Hicks



KEITH R. MCKENON *            Director                 August 11, 1994
Keith R. McKennon



ANDREW V. SMITH *             Director                 August 11, 1994
Andrew V. Smith

</TABLE>
                                      21

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Signature                     Capacity                 Date
_________                     ________                 ____

<S>                           <C>                      <C>
RICHARD W. SONNENFELDT *       Director                August 11, 1994
Richard W. Sonnenfeldt




JEAN VOLLUM *                 Director                 August 11, 1994
Jean Vollum



WILLIAM D. WALKER *           Director                 August 11, 1994
William D. Walker



DELBERT W. YOCAM *            Director                 August 11, 1994
Delbert W. Yocam




*By JOHN P. KARALIS                                    August 11, 1994
    John P. Karalis
    as attorney-in-fact

</TABLE>

                                      22
 
<PAGE>




INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' CONSENT AND REPORT ON SCHEDULES





We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration
Statements No. 33-33496 and 33-30648 of Tektronix, Inc. on Form S-8 
and Registration Statements No. 33-18658 and 33-59648 of Tektronix,
Inc. on Form S-3 of our reports dated June 23, 1994 (which expresses
an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating
to a change in method of accounting for other postretirement benefits
and income taxes in the year ended May 29, 1993), incorporated by
reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Tektronix, Inc. for
the year ended May 28, 1994.

Our audits of the financial statements referred to in our
aforementioned report also included the financial statement schedules
of Tektronix, Inc. listed in Item 14.  These financial statement
schedules are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion based on our audits.  In our
opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in
relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a
whole, present fairly in all material respects the information set
forth therein.




DELOITTE & TOUCHE

Portland, Oregon
June 23, 1994



<PAGE>

SCHEDULE II

<TABLE>
                       TEKTRONIX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                   AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES

<CAPTION>
                   Balance at
                   Beginning                 Amounts     Balances at End of Year
                   of Year      Additions   Collected    Current     Long-Term
                  ___________   _________   _________    _______     _________
<S>               <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>         <C>
Year ended        
May 28, 1994:           $0            $0            $0         $0         $0


Year ended
May 29, 1993:

E Machines        $111,070      $167,972    $  279,042         $0         $0



Year ended
May 30, 1992:
                                            
E Machines        $363,941      $756,151    $1,009,022   $111,070         $0

</TABLE>



The balance at the beginning of 1992 included two promissory notes guaranteed
by Stephen H. Vollum.  The notes were paid in full in the fiscal year ended
May 30, 1992.   

<PAGE>

SCHEDULE V

<TABLE>
                       TEKTRONIX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                        PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                (in thousands)
<CAPTION>                   
                   Balance at                              <F1>      Balance
                   Beginning     Additions                Other      at End
                    of Year       at Cost    Retirements  Changes    of Year
                  
                  ___________    _________   ___________  _______    _______
<S>               <C>            <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>
Year ended
May 28, 1994:

  Land            $ 13,127           $99         ($993)      ($495)  $ 11,738

  Buildings and
  leasehold
  improvements     241,412        10,596       (40,616)    (14,318)   197,074

  Machinery and
  equipment        538,635        59,575      (153,220)        (93)   444,897
                  ________       _______     __________   _________  ________
    Total         $793,174       $70,270     ($194,829)   ($14,906)  $653,709
                  ________       _______     __________   _________  ________


Year ended
May 29, 1993:

  Land            $ 14,605          $495       ($1,668)      ($305)  $ 13,127

  Buildings and
  leasehold
  improvements     247,055         8,635        (8,810)     (5,468)   241,412

  Machinery and
  equipment        576,107        48,641       (51,984)    (34,129)   538,635
                  ________       _______      _________   _________  ________
    Total         $837,767       $57,771      ($62,462)   ($39,902)  $793,174 
                  ________       _______      _________   _________  ________


Year ended
May 30, 1992:

  Land            $ 15,939          $36        ($1,717)       $347   $ 14,605

  Buildings and
  leasehold
  improvements     251,930         3,466        (9,881)      1,540    247,055

  Machinery and
  equipment        615,771        62,005       (81,724)    (19,945)   576,107
                   ________      _______      _________   _________  ________
    Total         $883,640       $65,507      ($93,322)   ($18,058)  $837,767
                  ________       _______      _________   _________  ________

<FN>
<F1>(A) Includes currency translation and other adjustments.  In 1994, includes
    reclassification of $9,982 of Buildings to Property held for sale and, in
    1993, includes restructuring writedowns of $30,200.
</TABLE>


<PAGE>

SCHEDULE VI

<TABLE>
                       TEKTRONIX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                 ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION OF

                        PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                (in thousands)

<CAPTION>
                   Balance at    Additions                 <F1>      Balance
                   Beginning     Charged to               Other      at End
                    of Year       Expense    Retirements  Changes    of Year
                   __________    __________  ___________  _______    _______
<S>                <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>        <C>

Year ended
May 28, 1994:

  Buildings and
  leasehold
  improvements     $113,437      $ 8,537      ($19,948)    ($1,930)  $100,096


  Machinery and
  equipment         443,903       46,381      (155,803)     (4,190)   330,291
                   ________      _______     __________    ________  ________
    Total          $557,340      $54,918     ($175,751)    ($6,120)  $430,387
                   ________      _______     __________    ________  ________


Year ended
May 29, 1993:

  Buildings and
  leasehold
  improvements     $112,716      $ 8,673       ($4,465)    ($3,487)  $113,437

  Machinery and
  equipment         439,497       54,400       (46,889)     (3,105)   443,903
                   ________      _______      _________    ________  ________
    Total          $552,213      $63,073      ($51,354)    ($6,592)  $557,340
                   ________      _______      _________    ________  ________


Year ended
May 30, 1992:

  Buildings and
  leasehold
  improvements     $111,070      $ 8,629       ($6,910)       ($73)  $112,716


  Machinery and
  equipment         469,102       56,999       (74,215)    (12,389)   439,497
                   ________      _______      _________   _________  ________
    Total          $580,172      $65,628      ($81,125)   ($12,462)  $552,213 
                   ________      _______      _________   _________  ________

<FN>
<F1> (A) Includes currency translation and other adjustments.
</TABLE>

<PAGE>

SCHEDULE IX

<TABLE>
                       TEKTRONIX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                             SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
                                 (in thousands)

<CAPTION>
                         End of Year               During the Year          
                   ______________________   ________________________________           
                                 Average                            Average
                                 Interest    Maximum      Average   Interest
                   Balance         Rate     Outstanding Outstanding    Rate 
____________________________________________________________________________
<S>                <C>              <C>      <C>          <C>           <C>
May 28, 1994:

  Notes payable
  to banks         $15,963          5.5%     $90,579      $36,479       5.0%
                                                                            
____________________________________________________________________________

May 29, 1993:

  Notes payable
  to banks         $61,566          4.8%     $80,200      $71,089       4.8%
                                                                            
____________________________________________________________________________

May 30, 1992:

  Notes payable
  to banks         $49,990          6.4%     $79,989      $58,591       6.3%
____________________________________________________________________________                                                        

</TABLE>

The average borrowings were determined based on the amounts outstanding at
each accounting period-end.  Average interest rates were computed using
interest rates and amounts outstanding at accounting period-ends.

<PAGE>


SCHEDULE X

<TABLE>
                       TEKTRONIX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                  SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
                                (in thousands)

<CAPTION>
                                 Year Ended    Year Ended     Year Ended
                                May 28, 1994  May 29, 1993   May 30, 1992
                                ____________  ____________   ____________
<S>                               <C>           <C>            <C>
Advertising expense               $48,742       $38,864        $37,068

Maintenance and repairs
  expense                         $28,531       $40,003        $47,637

Taxes, other than payroll
  and income taxes                $ 7,765       $ 9,141        $ 9,941

</TABLE>

<PAGE>                              
                              EXHIBIT LIST


               (3)(i) Restated Articles of Incorporation, as
                      amended.  Incorporated by reference to
                      Exhibit (3) of Form 10-Q dated September
                      28, 1990, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                 (ii) Bylaws, as amended.

               (4)(i) Indenture dated as of November 16, 1987, as
                      amended by First Supplemental Indenture
                      dated as of July 13, 1993, covering the
                      registrant's 7-1/2% notes due August 1,
                      2003. Indenture incorporated by reference
                      to Exhibit 4(i) of Form 10-K dated August
                      22, 1990, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                 (ii) Pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of    
                      Regulation S-K, the registrant agrees to
                      furnish to the Commission upon request
                      copies of agreements relating to other
                      indebtedness.

              (10)(i) Restated Operating Performance Incentive
                      Plan, as amended. Incorporated by     
                      reference to Exhibit (10)(i) of Form 10-Q
                      dated April 15, 1988, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                 (ii) 1982 Stock Option Plan, as amended.   
                      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit  
                      10(iii) of Form 10-K dated August 22, 1989,
                      SEC File No. 1-4837. 

                (iii) Stock Incentive Plan, as amended.     
                      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(ii)
                      of Form 10-Q dated April 9, 1993, SEC File
                      No. 1-4837.

                 (iv) Restated Annual Performance Improvement
                      Plan.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                      10(i) of Form 10-Q dated April 9, 1993, SEC
                      File No. 1-4837.

                  (v) Restated Deferred Compensation Plan. 
                      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(i)
                      of Form 10-Q dated December 20, 1984, SEC
                      File No. 1-4837.

                 (vi) Retirement Equalization Plan, as amended.
                      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit  
                      10(vii) of Form 10-K dated August 18, 1993,
                      SEC File No. 1-4837.

<PAGE>
                (vii) Severance Agreement entered into between
                      the Company and its named officers.   
                      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit  
                      10(viii)of Form 10-K dated August 18, 1993,
                      SEC File No. 1-4837.

               (viii) Indemnity Agreement entered into between
                      the Company and its named officers and
                      directors.  Incorporated by reference to
                      Exhibit 10(ix) of Form 10-K dated August
                      18, 1993, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                 (ix) Executive Severance Agreement.

                  (x) Retention Incentive Agreement.

                 (xi) Executive Compensation and Benefits   
                      Agreement dated as of October 24, 1990. 
                      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit  
                      (10)(ii) of Form 10-Q dated December 21,
                      1990, SEC File No. 1-4837.

                (xii) Executive Compensation and Benefits   
                      Agreement dated as of October 1, 1992. 
                      Incorporated by reference to Exhibit  
                      (10)(iii) of Form 10-Q dated January 8,
                      1993, SEC File No. 1-4837.

               (xiii) Employment Letter Agreement dated September
                      1, 1992.

                (xiv) Executive Compensation and Benefits   
                      Agreement dated as of March 29, 1993.  

                 (xv) Rights Agreement dated as of August 16,
                      1990.  Incorporated by reference to Exhibit
                      1 of Form 8-K dated August 27, 1990, SEC
                      File No. 1-4837.

                (xvi) Non-Employee Directors' Deferred      
                      Compensation Plan.

               (13)   Portions of the 1994 Annual Report to
                      Shareholders that are incorporated herein
                      by reference.

               (21)   Subsidiaries of the registrant.

               (24)   Powers of Attorney.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>EX-3(II) BYLAWS OF TEKTRONIX, INC. AS AMENDED THROUGH 6/23/94
<TEXT>

<PAGE>                                                      EXHIBIT 3(ii)
                                           

                                           As Amended through June 23, 1994



                                  BYLAWS

                                    OF

                              TEKTRONIX, INC.


                                 ARTICLE I

                               SHAREHOLDERS

          Section 1.  Annual Meeting.  The annual meeting of
shareholders shall be held on the fourth Thursday of September each
year, at such time as the board of directors shall designate, for the
purpose of electing directors and for the transaction of such other
business as may properly come before the meeting.  If the day fixed for
the annual meeting shall be a legal holiday in the State of Oregon, the
meeting shall be held on the next succeeding Thursday.  If the election
of directors shall not be held on the day designated for any annual
meeting, the board of directors shall cause the election to be held at a
special meeting of the shareholders as soon thereafter as conveniently
may be.

          Section 2.  Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the
shareholders may be called by the Chairman of the Board or by the board
of directors, and shall be called by the Chairman of the Board at the
request of the holders of not less than one tenth of all the outstanding
shares of the corporation entitled to vote at the meeting.

          Section 3.  Place of Meetings.  The place of each annual
meeting and any special meeting of the shareholders shall be determined
by the board of directors.

          Section 4.  Notice of Meeting.  Written or printed notice
stating the date, time and place of the shareholders meeting and, in the
case of a special meeting or a meeting for which special notice is
required by law, the purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be
delivered by the corporation to each shareholder entitled to vote at the
meeting and, if required by law, to any other shareholders entitled to
receive notice, not earlier than sixty days nor less than thirty days
before the meeting date.  If mailed, the notice shall be deemed
delivered when it is mailed to the shareholder with postage prepaid at
the shareholder's address shown in the corporation's record of
shareholders.

          Section 5.  Closing of Transfer Records or Fixing of Record
Date.  The board of directors may fix a future date as the record date
to determine the shareholders entitled to notice of a shareholders
meeting, demand a special meeting, vote, take any other action or
receive payment of any share or cash dividend or other 

                                      1
<PAGE>                                                                     

distribution.  This date shall not be earlier than seventy days or, in the 
case of a meeting, later than thirty-five days before the meeting or action
requiring a determination of shareholders.  The record date for any
meeting, vote or other action of the shareholders shall be the same for
all voting groups.  If not otherwise fixed by the board of directors,
the record date to determine shareholders entitled to notice of and to
vote at an annual or special shareholders meeting is the close of
business on the day before the notice is first mailed or delivered to
shareholders.  If not otherwise fixed by the board of directors, the
record date to determine shareholders entitled to receive payment of any
share or cash dividend or other distribution is the close of business on
the day the board of directors authorizes the share or cash dividend or
other distribution.  

          Section 6.  Voting Lists.  After a record date for a meeting
is fixed, the corporation shall prepare an alphabetical list of all
shareholders entitled to notice of the shareholders meeting.  The list
shall be arranged by voting group and, within each voting group, by
class or series of shares, and it shall show the address of and number
of shares held by each shareholder.  The shareholders list shall be
available for inspection by any shareholder, upon proper demand as may
be required by law, beginning two business days after notice of the
meeting is given and continuing through the meeting, at the
corporation's principal office or at a place identified in the meeting
notice in the city where the meeting will be held.  The corporation
shall make the shareholders list available at the meeting, and any
shareholder or the shareholder's agent or attorney shall be entitled to
inspect the list at any time during the meeting or any adjournment. 
Refusal or failure to prepare or make available the shareholders list
does not affect the validity of action taken at the meeting.  

          Section 7.  Quorum; Adjournment.  

          (a)  Shares entitled to vote as a separate voting group may
take action on a matter at a meeting only if a quorum of those shares
exists with respect to that matter.  A majority of the votes entitled to
be cast on the matter by the voting group constitutes a quorum of that
voting group for action on that matter.

          (b)  A majority of votes represented at the meeting, although
less than a quorum, may adjourn the meeting from time to time to a
different time and place without further notice to any shareholder of
any adjournment.  At an adjourned meeting at which a quorum is present,
any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the
meeting originally held.

          (c)  Once a share is represented for any purpose at a meeting,
it shall be present for quorum purposes for the remainder of the meeting
and for any adjournment of that meeting unless a new record date is or
must be set for the adjourned meeting.  A new record date must be set if
the meeting is adjourned to a date more than 120 days after the date
fixed for the original meeting.

                                      2
<PAGE>                                                                
                                                                     
           Section 8.  Voting.  If a quorum exists, action on a matter,
other than the election of directors, by a voting group is approved if
the votes cast within the voting group favoring the action exceed the
votes cast opposing the action, unless a greater number of affirmative
votes is required by law or the Restated Articles of Incorporation. 
Unless otherwise provided in the Restated Articles of Incorporation,
directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares
entitled to vote in the election at a meeting at which a quorum is
present.  

          Section 9.  Proxies.  At all meetings of shareholders, a
shareholder may vote by proxy executed in writing by the shareholder or
by his duly authorized attorney in fact.  Such proxy shall be filed with
the secretary of the corporation before or at the time of the meeting. 
No proxy shall be valid after eleven months from the date of its
execution, unless otherwise provided in the proxy.

          Section 10.  Voting of Shares by Certain Holders.

          (a)  Shares standing in the name of another corporation may be
voted by such officer, agent or proxy as the bylaws of such corporation
may prescribe, or, in the absence of such provision, as the board of
directors of such other corporation may determine.

          (b)  Shares held by an administrator, executor, guardian or
conservator may be voted by him, either in person or by proxy, without a
transfer of such shares into his name.  Shares standing in the name of a
trustee may be voted by him, either in person or by proxy, but no
trustee shall be entitled to vote shares held by him without a transfer
of such shares into his name.

          (c)  Shares standing in the name of a receiver may be voted by
such receiver, and shares held by or under the control of a receiver may
be voted by such receiver without the transfer thereof into his name if
authority so to do be contained in an appropriate order of the court by
which such receiver was appointed.

          (d)  A shareholder whose shares are pledged shall be entitled
to vote such shares until the shares have been transferred into the name
of the pledgee, and thereafter the pledgee shall be entitled to vote the
shares so transferred.

          (e)  Neither treasury shares nor shares held by the
corporation in a fiduciary capacity, nor shares held by another
corporation if a majority of the shares entitled to vote for the
election of directors of such other corporation is held by the
corporation, shall be voted at any meeting or counted in determining the
total number of outstanding shares at any given time.

          Section 11.  Proper Business for Shareholders' Meeting.  To be
properly brought before the meeting, business must be either (a)
specified in the notice of meeting (or any supplement thereto) given by
or at the direction of the board of directors, (b) otherwise properly
brought before a meeting by or at the direction of the board of
directors, or (c) otherwise properly brought before the meeting by a

                                      3
<PAGE>
                                                                    
shareholder.  In addition to any other applicable requirements, for
business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a
shareholder, the shareholder must have given timely notice thereof in
writing to the Secretary of the corporation.  To be timely, a
shareholder's notice must be delivered to or mailed and received at the
principal executive office of the corporation not less than 50 days nor
more than 75 days prior to the meeting; provided, however, that in the
event that less than 65 days' notice or prior public disclosure of the
date of the meeting is given or made to shareholders, notice by the
shareholder to be timely must be so received not later than the close of
business on the 10th day following the day on which such notice of the
date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure was
made, whichever first occurs.  A shareholder's notice to the Secretary
shall set forth (a) one or more matters appropriate for shareholder
action that the shareholder proposes to bring before the meeting, (b) a
brief description of the matters desired to be brought before the
meeting and the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting, (c)
the name and record address of the shareholder, (d) the class and number
of shares of the corporation that the shareholder owns or is entitled to
vote and (e) any material interest of the shareholder in such matters. 
Notwithstanding anything in these bylaws to the contrary, no business
shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance with the
procedure set forth in this Section 11; provided, however, that nothing
in this Section 11 shall be deemed to preclude discussion by any
shareholder of any business properly brought before the annual meeting. 
The Chairman of the Board shall, if the facts warrant, determine and
declare to the meeting that the business was not properly brought before
the meeting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 11, and if
the Chairman of the Board should so determine, shall so declare to the
meeting any such business not properly brought before the meeting shall
not be transacted.

          Section 12.  Shareholder Nomination of Directors.  Not less
than 50 days nor more than 75 days prior to the date of any annual
meeting of shareholders, any shareholder who intends to make a
nomination at the annual meeting shall deliver a notice to the Secretary
of the corporation setting forth (a) as to each nominee whom the
shareholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a
director, (i) the name, age, business address and residence address of
the nominee, (ii) the principal occupation or employment of the nominee,
(iii) the class and number of shares of capital stock of the corporation
that are beneficially owned by the nominee and (iv) any other
information concerning the nominee that would be required, under the
rules of the  Securities and Exchange Commission, in a proxy statement
soliciting proxies for the election of such nominee; and (b) as to the
shareholder giving the notice, (i) the name and record address of the
shareholder and (ii) the class and number of shares of capital stock of
the corporation that are beneficially owned by the shareholder;
provided, however, that in the event that less than 65 days' notice or
prior public disclosure of the date of the annual meeting is given or
made to shareholders, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be so
delivered not later than the close of business on the 10th day following
the day on which such notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or
such public disclosure was made, whichever first occurs.  Such notice
shall include a signed consent to serve as a director of the
corporation, if elected, of each such nominee.  The corporation may
require any 

                                      4
<PAGE>
                                                                     
proposed nominee to furnish such other information as may reasonably be 
required by the corporation to determine the eligibility of such proposed 
nominee to serve as a director of the corporation.

          Section 13.  Shareholder Nomination of Directors - Special
Meetings.  Any shareholder who intends to make a nomination at any
special meeting of shareholders held for the purpose of electing
directors shall deliver a timely notice to the Secretary of the
corporation setting forth (a) as to each nominee whom the shareholder
proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director, (i) the
name, age, business address and residence address of the nominee, (ii)
the principal occupation or employment of the nominee, (iii) the class
and number of shares of capital stock of the corporation that are
beneficially owned by the nominee and (iv) any other information
concerning the nominee that would be required, under the rules of the
Securities and Exchange Commission, in a proxy statement soliciting
proxies for the election of such nominee; and (b) as to the shareholder
giving the notice, (i) the name and record address of the shareholder
and (ii) the class and number of shares of capital stock of the
corporation that are beneficially owned by the shareholder.  To be
timely for these purposes, such notice must be given (a) if given by the
shareholder (or any of the shareholders) who or that made a demand for a
meeting pursuant to which such meeting is to be held, concurrently with
the delivery of such demand, and (b) otherwise, not later than the close
of business on the 10th day following the day on which the notice of the
special meeting was mailed.  Such notice shall include a signed consent
to serve as a director of the corporation, if elected, of each such
nominee.  The corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish
such other information as may reasonably be required by the corporation
to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a
director of the corporation.


                                ARTICLE II

                            BOARD OF DIRECTORS

          Section 1.  General Powers.  The business and affairs of the
corporation shall be managed by its board of directors.

          Section 2.  Number, Tenure and Qualifications.  The directors
of the corporation shall be divided into three classes of directors
designated Class I, Class II and Class III.  Until immediately prior to
the 1994 annual meeting of shareholders, the number of directors of the
corporation shall be eleven, consisting of three Class I directors, four
Class II directors and four Class III directors.  Effective immediately
prior to the 1994 annual meeting of shareholders, the number of
directors of the corporation shall be ten, consisting of three Class I
directors, three Class II directors and four Class III directors.  At
the 1986 annual meeting of shareholders, Class I directors were elected
to a term of office expiring at the 1987 annual meeting of shareholders,
Class II directors were elected to a term of office expiring at the 1988
annual meeting of shareholders, and Class III directors were elected to
a term of 

                                      5
<PAGE>

office expiring at the 1989 annual meeting of shareholders, and in each 
case until their successors are elected and qualified.  At each annual 
meeting of shareholders following such initial classification and election, 
directors elected to succeed those directors whose terms expire shall be 
elected to serve three-year terms and until their successors are elected and 
qualified, so that the term of one class of directors will expire each year.  
When the number of directors is changed by amendment of this Section 2, any 
newly created directorships, or any decrease in directorships, shall be so 
apportioned among the classes so as to make all classes as nearly equal as 
possible, provided that no decrease in the number of directors constituting 
the Board of Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
Directors need not be residents of the State of Oregon or shareholders of 
the corporation.

          Section 3.  Annual and Regular Meetings.  The annual meeting
of the board of directors may be held before or after the annual meeting
of shareholders, on the day and at the time and place designated by the
Chairman of the Board. The board of directors may provide by resolution,
the time and place, either within or without the State of Oregon, for
the holding of regular meetings without notice other than such
resolution.

          Section 4.  Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the board
of directors may be called by or at the request of the Chairman of the
Board or any two directors.  The person or persons authorized to call
special meetings of the board of directors may fix any place, either
within or without the State of Oregon, as the place for holding any
special meeting of the board of directors called by them.

          Section 5.  Notice.  Notice of the date, time and place of any
special meeting of the board of directors shall be given at least three
days prior to the meeting by notice communicated in person, by
telephone, telegraph, teletype, other form of wire or wireless
communication, mail or private carrier.  If written, notice shall be
effective at the earliest of (a) when received, (b) five days after its
deposit in the United States mail, as evidenced by the postmark, if
mailed postpaid and correctly addressed, or (c) on the date shown on the
return receipt, if sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested and the receipt is signed by or on behalf of the addressee. 
Notice by all other means shall be deemed effective when received by or
on behalf of the director.  Notice of any regular or special meeting
need not describe the purposes of the meeting unless required by law or
the Restated Articles of Incorporation.

          Section 6.  Quorum.  A majority of the number of directors
fixed by Section 2 of this Article II shall constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business at any meeting of the board of directors, but if
less than such majority is present at a meeting, a majority of the
directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without
further notice.

          Section 7.  Manner of Acting.  The act of the majority of the
directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the
act of the board of directors, unless a greater number is required by
law or these bylaws.

                                      6
<PAGE>                                      

          Section 8.  Vacancies.  Any vacancy on the board of directors,
including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of
directors, may be filled by the shareholders, the board of directors,
the remaining directors if less than a quorum (by the vote of a majority
thereof) or by a sole remaining director.  Any vacancy not filled by the
directors shall be filled by election at an annual meeting or at a
special meeting of shareholders called for that purpose.  A vacancy that
will occur at a specified later date, by reason of a resignation or
otherwise, may be filled before the vacancy occurs, but the new director
may not take office until the vacancy occurs.  

          Section 9.  Compensation.  By resolution of the board of
directors, the directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of
attendance at each meeting of the board of directors, and may be paid a
fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a
stated salary as director.  No such payment shall preclude any director
from serving the corporation in any other capacity and receiving
compensation therefor.

          Section 10.  Presumption of Assent.  A director of the
corporation who is present at a meeting of the board of directors at
which action on any corporate matter is taken shall be presumed to have
assented to the action taken unless his dissent shall be entered in the
minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his written dissent to
such action with the person acting as the secretary of the meeting
before the adjournment thereof or shall forward such dissent by
registered mail to the secretary of the corporation immediately after
the adjournment of the meeting.  Such right  to  dissent  shall  not
apply to a director who voted in favor of such action.  It shall be the
duty of the person acting as secretary of the meeting to record in the
minutes any negative votes, abstentions or dissents if requested to do
so by the director so voting, abstaining or dissenting.

          Section 11.  Informal Action by Directors.  Any action
required to be taken at a meeting of directors, or any action which may
be taken at a meeting of directors, may  be  taken  without  a  meeting 
if  a consent in writing setting forth the action so taken shall be
signed by all the directors entitled to vote with respect to the subject
matter thereof.  Such consent shall have the same effect as a unanimous
vote of the directors.

          Section 12.  Removal.  The shareholders may remove one or more
directors with or without cause at a meeting called expressly for that
purpose, unless the Restated Articles of Incorporation provide for
removal for cause only.  

          Section 13.  Transactions with Directors.  Any contract or
other transaction between the corporation and one or more of its
directors, or between the corporation and another party in which one or
more of its directors are interested shall be valid notwithstanding the
presence or participation of such director or directors in a meeting of
the board of directors which acts upon or in reference to such contract
or transaction, if the fact of such interest shall be disclosed or known
to the board of directors and it shall authorize and approve such
contract or transaction by a vote of a majority of the directors
present.  Such interested director 

                                      7
<PAGE>

or directors may be counted in determining whether a quorum is present at 
any such meeting, but shall not be counted in calculating the majority 
necessary to carry such vote.  This section shall not invalidate any 
contract or other transaction which would otherwise be valid under 
applicable law.

          Section 14.  Meeting by Telephone Conference Call.  A meeting
of the board of directors may be held by means of conference telephone
or similar communications equipment through which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other.  Participation in a
meeting pursuant to this section shall constitute presence in person at
the meeting.  Notice (including waiver of notice) and quorum
requirements as specified in Sections 5 and 6 of this Article shall
apply to meetings pursuant to this section.  A record shall be kept of
the action taken for insertion into the minute book.


                                ARTICLE III

                                COMMITTEES

          Section 1.  Designation.  The board of directors, by
resolution adopted by a majority of the number of directors fixed by
Section 2 of Article II of these bylaws, may designate from among its
members an executive committee and one or more other committees.  The
designation of a committee, and the delegation of authority to it, shall
not operate to relieve the board of directors, or any member thereof, of
any responsibility imposed upon it or him by law.  No member of any
committee shall continue to be a member thereof after he ceases to be a
director of the corporation.  The board of directors shall have the
power at any time, by resolution adopted by a majority of the number of
directors fixed by Section 2 of Article II of these bylaws, to increase
or decrease the number of members of any committee, to fill vacancies
thereon, to change any member thereof, and to change the functions or
terminate the existence thereof.

          Section 2.  Powers.  During the interval between meetings of
the board of directors, and subject to such limitations as may be
imposed by resolution of the board of directors, the executive committee
shall have and may exercise all the authority of the board of directors
in the management of the corporation.  Any other committee shall have
such authority of the board of directors as the board shall delegate by
resolution adopted by a majority of the number of directors fixed by
Section 2 of Article II of these bylaws.  Notwithstanding the foregoing,
neither the executive committee nor any other committee shall have the
authority of the board of directors in reference to amending the
articles of incorporation; adopting a plan of merger or consolidation;
recommending to the shareholders the sale, lease, exchange, mortgage,
pledge or other disposition of all or substantially all the property and
assets of the corporation otherwise than in the usual and regular course
of its business; recommending  to  the  shareholders  a  voluntary 
dissolution  of  the corporation or revocation thereof; or amending the
bylaws of the corporation.    Reports on actions 

                                      8
<PAGE>

taken by a committee shall be submitted to the next succeeding meeting
of the board of directors.   

          Section 3.  Procedure; Meetings; Quorum.  Each committee shall
appoint a chairman from among its members and a secretary who may, but
need not, be a member of the committee or of the board of directors. 
The chairman shall preside at all committee meetings and the secretary
shall keep a record of its proceedings.  Regular meetings of a
committee, of which no notice shall be necessary, shall be held on such
days and at such places as shall be fixed by resolution adopted by a
majority of the committee.  Special meetings of a committee shall be
called at the request of any member of the committee, and shall be held
upon notice by letter or telegram mailed or delivered for transmission
not later than during the second day preceding the day of the meeting,
or by word of mouth or telephone received not later than the day
immediately preceding the day of the meeting.  Any notice required by
this section may be waived in writing signed by the member or members
entitled to the notice, whether before, or after the meeting time stated
therein.  Attendance of any member of a committee at a special meeting
shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting.  A majority of the
committee, from time to time, shall be necessary to constitute a quorum
for the transaction of business, and the act of a majority of the
members present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the
act of the committee.  The board of directors may vote to the members of
any committee a reasonable fee as compensation for attendance at
meetings of such committee.

          Section 4.  Meeting by Telephone Conference Call.  A meeting
of a committee may be held by means of conference telephone or similar
telephone communications equipment through which all persons
participating in the meeting can hear each other.  Participation in the
meeting pursuant to this section shall constitute presence in person at
the meeting.  Notice (including waiver of notice) and quorum
requirements as specified in Section 3 of this Article shall apply to
meetings pursuant to this section.  A record shall be kept of action
taken for insertion into the minute book.

          Section 5.  Informal Action by Committee.  Any action which
may be taken at a meeting of a committee may be taken without a meeting
if a consent in writing setting forth the actions so taken shall be
signed by all members of the committee entitled to vote with respect to
the subject matter thereof.  The action shall be effective on the date
when the last signature is placed on the consent or at such earlier time
as is set forth therein.  The consent shall have the same effect as a
unanimous vote of the committee.


                                ARTICLE IV

                                 OFFICERS

          Section 1.  Number.  The officers of the corporation shall be
a Chairman of the Board of Directors (the "Chairman of the Board"); a
President; a Secretary; and 

                                      9
<PAGE>

such other officers and assistant officers as may be elected or appointed 
from time to time by the board of directors.  The officers of the corporation 
shall have such powers and duties as may be prescribed by the board of 
directors.  Any two or more offices may be held by the same person. 

          Section 2.  Election and Term of Office.  The officers of the
corporation shall be elected annually by the board of directors at the
first meeting of the board of directors held after the annual meeting of
the shareholders.  If the election of officers shall not be held at the
meeting, it shall be held as soon thereafter as is convenient.  Each
officer shall hold office until a successor shall have been duly elected
and shall have qualified or until the officer's death, resignation or
removal in the manner hereinafter provided.

          Section 3.  Removal.  Any  officer  or  agent  elected  or 
appointed  by  the board  of  directors may be removed by the board of
directors at any time with or  without cause.  Election or appointment
of an officer or agent shall not of itself create contract rights.  

          Section 4.  Vacancies.  A vacancy in any office because of
death, resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise, may be
filled by the board of directors for the unexpired portion of the term.

          Section 5.  Chairman of the Board.  The Chairman of the Board
of Directors shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation
and, subject to the control of the board of directors, shall in general
supervise and control all of the business and affairs of the
corporation.  The Chairman of the Board may execute in behalf of the
corporation all contracts, agreements, stock certificates and other
instruments.  The Chairman of the Board shall from time to time report
to the board of directors all matters within the Chairman's knowledge
affecting the corporation which should be brought to the attention of
the board.  The Chairman of the Board shall vote all shares of stock in
other corporations owned by the corporation, and shall be empowered to
execute proxies, waivers of notice, consents and other instruments in
the name of the corporation with respect to such stock.  He shall
preside at all meetings of the board of directors and shareholders.  The
Chairman of the Board shall perform such other duties as may be
prescribed from time to time by the board of directors.

          Section 6.  President.  The President shall be the chief
operating officer of the corporation and shall supervise the operations
of the corporation, subject to the direction of the board of directors
and the Chairman of the Board.  The President shall perform such other
duties as may be prescribed from time to time by the board of directors
or the Chairman of the Board.  

          Section 7.  Secretary.  The Secretary shall keep the minutes
of all meetings of the directors and shareholders, and shall have
custody of the minute books  and  other  records  pertaining  to  the 
corporate business.  The Secretary shall countersign all stock
certificates and other instruments requiring the seal of the 

                                      10
<PAGE>                                

corporation and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed from 
time to time by the board of directors.

          Section 8.  Salaries.  The salaries of the officers shall be
fixed from time to time by the board of directors and no officer shall
be prevented from receiving such salary because the officer is also a
director of the corporation.


                               ARTICLE IV-A

                          NON-CORPORATE OFFICERS

     A.  The Chairman of the Board of the corporation shall have the
power, in the exercise of his or her discretion, to appoint persons to
hold positions and titles such as vice president, treasurer, assistant
vice president, assistant secretary, president of a division, or similar
titles as the business of the corporation may require, subject to such
limits in appointment power as the board of directors may determine. 
Each such appointee shall have such title, shall serve in such capacity,
and shall have such authority and perform such duties as the Chairman of
the Board of the corporation shall determine; provided that no such
appointee shall have executive powers, be in charge of a principal
business unit, division or function or perform similar policy making
functions.  The board of directors shall be advised of any such
appointment at a meeting of the board of directors, and the appointment
shall be noted in the minutes of the meeting.  The minutes shall state
that such persons are non-corporate officers appointed pursuant to this
Article IV-A of these bylaws.

     B.  Any such appointee, absent specific election by the board of
directors as an elected corporate officer (i) shall not be considered an
officer elected by the board of directors pursuant to Article IV of
these bylaws, (ii) shall not be considered an 'officer' of the
corporation for the purposes of Rule 3b-2 promulgated under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, the "Act"), or an
'executive officer' of the corporation for the purposes of Rule 3b-7
promulgated under the Act, and similarly shall not be considered an
'officer' of the corporation for the purposes of Section 16 of the Act,
or an 'executive officer' of the corporation for the purposes of Section
14 of the Act, and (iii) shall be empowered to represent himself or
herself to third parties as an appointed vice president, etc., only, and
shall be empowered to execute documents, bind the corporation, or
otherwise act on behalf of the corporation only as authorized by the
Chairman of the Board or the President of the corporation or by
resolution of the board of directors.  An elected corporate officer of
the corporation may also be appointed to a position pursuant to this
Article IV-A.

     C.  A person appointed to a position pursuant to this Article IV-A
may be removed at any time by the Chairman of the Board or by the board
of directors of the corporation.

                                      11
<PAGE>

                                 ARTICLE V

                    INDEMNITY OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

     A.   The corporation shall indemnify to the fullest extent then
permitted by law any person who is made, or threatened to be made, a
party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or
otherwise (including an action, suit or proceeding by or in the right of
the corporation) by reason of the fact that the person is or was a
director or officer of the corporation or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as a director or officer of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
against all expenses (including attorneys' fees), judgments, amounts
paid in settlement and fines actually and reasonably incurred in
connection therewith.

     B.   Expenses incurred in connection with an action, suit or
proceeding may be paid or reimbursed by the corporation in advance of
the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of
an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay such
amounts if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not
entitled to be indemnified by the corporation.

     C.   The indemnification provided hereby shall not be deemed
exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled
under the Restated Articles of Incorporation, any statute, agreement, or
vote of shareholders or directors or otherwise, both as to action in any
official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding an
office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a
director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs,
executors and administrators of such person.

     D.   The corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain
insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of the corporation, or fiduciary with respect to any
employee benefit plans of the corporation or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent, or
as a fiduciary of an employee benefit plan, of another corporation,
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any
liability asserted against and incurred by the person in any such
capacity, or arising out of the person's status as such, whether or not
the corporation would have the power to indemnify the person against
such liability under the provisions of the Restated Articles of
Incorporation or the Oregon Business Corporation Act.

     E.   Any person other than a director or officer who is or was an
employee or agent of the corporation, or fiduciary within the meaning of
the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 with respect to any
employee benefit plans of the corporation, or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as an employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise may
be indemnified to such extent as the board of directors in its
discretion at any time or from time to time may authorize.

                                      12
<PAGE>

                                ARTICLE VI

                   CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS

          Section 1.  Contracts.  The board of directors may authorize
any officer or officers, agent or agents, to enter into any contract or
execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the
corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific
instances.

          Section 2.  Loans.  No loans shall be contracted on behalf of
the corporation and no evidence of indebtedness shall be issued in its
name unless authorized by a resolution of the board of directors.  Such
authority may be general or confined to specific instances.

          Section 3.  Checks, Draft, etc.  All checks, drafts or other
orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of
indebtedness issued in the name of the corporation, shall be signed by
such officer or officers, agent or agents of the corporation and in such
manner as shall from time to time be determined by or pursuant to
resolution of the board of directors.

          Section 4.  Deposits.  All funds of the corporation not
otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the credit of
the corporation in such banks, trust companies or other depositories as
the board of directors may select.



                                ARTICLE VII

                CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES AND THEIR TRANSFER

          Section 1.  Certificates for Shares.  Certificates
representing shares of the corporation shall be in such form as shall be
determined by the board of directors.  Such certificates shall be signed
by the Chairman of the Board or a Vice President and by the Secretary or
an Assistant Secretary and may be sealed  with the seal of the
corporation or a facsimile thereof.  All certificates for shares shall
be consecutively numbered or otherwise identified.  The name and address
of the person to whom the shares represented thereby are issued, with
the number of shares and date of issue, shall be entered on the share
transfer records of the corporation.  All certificates surrendered to
the corporation for transfer shall be cancelled and no new certificate
shall be issued until the former certificate for a like number of shares
shall have been surrendered and cancelled, except that in case of a
lost, destroyed or mutilated certificate a new one may be issued
therefore upon such terms and indemnity to the corporation as the board
of directors may prescribe.

          Section 2.  Transfer of Shares.  Transfer of shares of the
corporation shall be made only on the share transfer records of the
corporation by the holder of record thereof or by his legal
representative, who shall furnish proper  evidence of authority 

                                      13
<PAGE>

to transfer, or by his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney 
duly executed and filed with the secretary of the corporation.  The person 
in whose name shares stand on the books of the corporation shall be deemed 
by the corporation to be the owner thereof for all purposes.

          Section 3.  Transfer Agent and Registrar.  The board of
directors may from time to time appoint one or more transfer agents and
one or more registrars for the shares of the corporation, with such
powers and duties as the board of directors shall determine by
resolution.  The signatures of the president or vice president and the
secretary or assistant secretary upon a certificate may be facsimiles if
the certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent or registered by a
registrar other than the corporation itself or an employee of the
corporation.

          Section 4.  Officer Ceasing to Act.  In case any officer who
has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a stock
certificate shall have ceased to be such officer before such certificate
is issued, it may be issued by the corporation with the same effect as
if he were such officer at the date of its issuance.

          Section 5.  Fractional Shares.  The corporation shall not
issue certificates for fractional shares.


                               ARTICLE VIII

                                FISCAL YEAR

          The fiscal year of the corporation shall end on the last
Saturday in May of each year.


                                ARTICLE IX

                                 DIVIDENDS

          The board of directors may from time to time declare, and the
corporation may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares in the manner
and upon the terms and conditions provided by law.


                                 ARTICLE X

                                   SEAL

          The seal of the corporation shall be in the form of a circle
containing therein "TEKTRONIX, INC. CORPORATE SEAL OREGON." 

                                      14
<PAGE>

                                ARTICLE XI

                                AMENDMENTS

          These bylaws may be altered, amended or repealed and new
bylaws may be adopted by the board of directors at any regular or
special meeting.

            I HEREBY CERTIFY that the foregoing are the bylaws of
TEKTRONIX, INC. adopted at a meeting of the board of directors of the
company held on September 9, 1963, and as amended with regard to Article
IV at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on
December 22, 1966, and as amended with regard to Article IV at a meeting
of the board of directors of the company held on January 30, 1969, and
as amended with regard to Article II at a meeting of the board of
directors of the company held on July 17, 1969, and as amended with
regard to Article IV at a meeting of the board of directors of the
company held on September 24, 1970, and as amended with regard to
Article IV at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on
September 30, 1971, and as amended with regard to Article V at a meeting
of the board of directors of the company held on September 27, 1973, and
as amended with regard to Article IV at a meeting of the board of
directors of the company held on September 26, 1974, and as amended with
regard to Article I at a meeting of the board of directors of the
company held on April 28, 1977, and as amended with regard to Article I
at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on May 20,
1977, and as amended with regard to Article IV at a meeting of the board
of directors of the company held on January 18, 1979, and as amended
with regard to Article II at a meeting of the board of directors of the
company held on February 28, 1980, and as amended with regard to Article
II at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on May 22,
1980, and as amended with regard to Articles I, II and III at a meeting
of the board of directors of the company held on June 25, 1980, and as
amended with regard to Article II at a meeting of the board of directors
of the company held on September 9, 1980, with the amendment to be
effective September 27, 1980, and as amended with regard to Article I at
a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on July 23,
1981, and approved by the shareholders at a meeting held on September
26, 1981, and as amended with regard to Article VI at a meeting of the
board of directors of the company held on May 3, 1983, and as amended
with regard to Article II at a meeting of the board of directors of the
company held on June 30, 1983, and as amended with regard to Articles
III and IV at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on
March 1, 1984, and as amended with regard to Article I at a meeting of
the board of directors of the company held on December 6, 1984, and as
amended with regard to Article II at a meeting of the board of directors
of the company held on August 13, 1985, and as amended with regard to
Article II at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on
October 24, 1985, and as amended with regard to Article II at a meeting
of the board of directors of the company held on July 17, 1986, and as
amended with regard to Article V at a meeting of the board of directors
of the company held on September 27, 1986, and as amended with regard to
Article II at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on
June 23, 1988, and as amended with regard to Article II at a meeting of
the board of directors of the 

                                      15
<PAGE>

company held on July 21, 1988, and as amended with regard to Article II 
at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on July 20, 1989, 
and as amended with regard to Articles I, II and IV at a meeting of the 
board of directors of the company held on November 29, 1989, and as amended 
with regard to Articles II and IV at a meeting of the board of directors of 
the company held on April 25, 1990, and as amended with regard to Article I 
at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on June 20, 1990,
and as amended with regard to Article II at a meeting of the board of
directors of the company held on July 19, 1990, and as amended with
regard to Articles II and IV at a meeting of the board of directors of
the company held on October 24, 1990, and as amended with regard to
Article II at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on
March 20, 1991, and as amended with regard to Article I at a meeting of
the board of directors of the company held on July 17, 1991, and as
amended with regard to Articles I, II, IV, and VII at a meeting of the
board of directors of the company held on September 26, 1991, and as
amended with regard to Article II at a meeting of the board of directors
of the company held on January 29, 1992, and as amended with regard to
Article II by action of the board of directors of the company without a
meeting, effective July 10, 1992, and as amended with regard to Article
IV at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on
September 23, 1992, and as amended with regard to Article II by action
of the board of directors of the company without a meeting, effective
September 24, 1992, and as amended with regard to Article I at a meeting
of the board of directors of the company held on October 18, 1992, and
as amended with regard to Article II at a meeting of the board of
directors of the company held on December 2, 1992, and as amended with
regard to Article IV-A at a meeting of the board of directors of the
company held on March 31, 1993, and as amended with regard to Articles I
and II at a meeting of the board of directors of the company held on
June 23, 1994.



                                       /s/ John P. Karalis
                                   ___________________________
                                            Secretary                      


                                      16

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>LIST: EX-10(IX) - EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENTS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
 
                                                             EXHIBIT 10(ix)



LIST OF DIRECTORS AND NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
WITH WHOM TEKTRONIX HAS EXECUTIVE SEVERENCE
AGREEMENTS IN SUBSTANTIALLY THE FORM ATTACHED



DIRECTORS

Delbert W. Yocam


NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

John P. Karalis

Carl W. Neun

John W. Vold

<PAGE>                                                

                                                            EXHIBIT-10(ix) 


                      EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

                            September 22, 1993



[NAME]
[ADDRESS]                                                       EXECUTIVE


TEKTRONIX, INC.,
an Oregon corporation
P.O. Box 1000
Wilsonville, Oregon                                             TEKTRONIX


Tektronix considers the establishment and maintenance of a sound and vital
management to be essential to protecting and enhancing the best interests
of Tektronix and its shareholders.  In order to induce Executive to remain
employed by Tektronix in the face of uncertainties about the long-term
strategies of Tektronix and their potential impact on the scope and nature
of Executive's position with Tektronix, this Agreement, which has been
approved by the Organization and Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors of Tektronix, sets forth the severance benefits that Tektronix
will provide to Executive in the event Executive's employment by Tektronix
is terminated under the circumstances described in this Agreement.

1.   EMPLOYMENT RELATIONSHIP.  Executive is currently employed by Tektronix
     as [TITLE].  Executive and Tektronix acknowledge that either party may
     terminate this employment relationship at any time and for any reason,
     subject to the obligation of Tektronix to provide the benefits
     specified in this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof.

2.   RELEASE OF CLAIMS. In consideration for the severance benefits
     outlined in this Agreement, Executive agrees to execute a Release of
     Claims in the form attached as Exhibit A ("Release of Claims"). 
     Executive promises to execute and deliver the Release of Claims to
     Tektronix within the later of forty-five (45) days from the date
     Executive receives the Release of Claims or on the last day of
     Executive's active employment. 

3.   COMPENSATION UPON TERMINATION. In the event that Executive's
     employment is terminated at any time by Tektronix other than for Cause
     (as defined in Section 6.1 of this Agreement), death, or Disability
     (as defined in Section 6.2 of this Agreement), subject to Executive's
     execution of a Release of Claims, Executive shall be entitled to the
     following benefits:

                                      1
<PAGE>

     3.1  As severance pay and in lieu of any further pay for periods
          subsequent to the date of termination, Tektronix shall pay
          Executive, in a single payment within the later of forty-five
          (45) days after termination of employment or eight days after
          execution of the Release of Claims, an amount in cash equal to
          Executive's annual base pay at the rate in effect immediately
          prior to the date of termination, or, if greater, an amount in
          cash equal to Executive's average annual base pay for the three
          years ending with Executive's last pay change preceding
          termination.

     3.2  Executive is entitled to extend coverage under any group health
          plan in which Executive and Executive's dependents are enrolled
          at the time of termination of employment under the COBRA
          continuation laws for the 18-month statutory period, or so long
          as Executive remains eligible under COBRA.

          Tektronix will pay Executive a lump sum payment in an amount
          equivalent to the reasonably estimated cost Executive may incur
          to extend for a period of eighteen (18) months under the COBRA
          continuation laws Executive's group health and dental plan
          coverage in effect at the time of termination.  Executive may
          use this payment, as well as any payment made under 3.1, for
          such COBRA continuation coverage or for any other purpose. 

     3.3  Except as provided in Section 5.2, Executive shall be entitled
          to a portion of the benefits under any incentive plans in effect
          at the time of termination (including the Results Sharing Plan
          and the Annual Performance Improvement Plan), prorated for the
          portion of the plan year during which Executive was a
          participant.  For purposes of this Agreement, Executive's
          participation in the Annual Performance Improvement Plan will be
          considered to have ended on Executive's last day of active
          employment.  Prorated awards shall not be due and payable by
          Tektronix to Executive until the date that all awards are paid
          after the close of the incentive period.  Unless the applicable
          plan provides for a greater payment for a participant whose
          employment terminates prior to the end of an incentive period
          (in which case the applicable plan payment shall be made), the
          proration shall be calculated pursuant to this Section 3.3.  The
          payment, if any, that would have been made under Executive's
          award had Executive been made a participant for the full
          incentive period shall be calculated at the end of the incentive
          period.  Such amount shall be divided by the total number of
          days in the incentive period and the result multiplied by the
          actual number of days Executive participated in the plan.

                                      2
<PAGE>

     3.4  Tektronix will pay up to $12,500 to a third party outplacement
          firm selected by Executive to provide career counseling
          assistance to Executive for a period of one (1) year following
          Executive's termination date. 

     3.5  Tektronix will permit Executive to continue to participate in
          its Executive Financial Counseling Program through the remainder
          of the term of Executive's current participation (which shall in
          no case be longer than one (1) year after the effective date of
          Executive's termination).

4.   SUBSEQUENT EMPLOYMENT.  The amount of any payment provided for in this
     Agreement shall not be reduced, offset or subject to recovery by
     Tektronix by reason of any compensation earned by Executive as the
     result of employment by another employer after termination.

5.   OTHER AGREEMENTS.

     5.1  In the event that severance benefits are payable to Executive
          under any other agreement with Tektronix in effect at the time
          of termination (including but not limited to any change of
          control, "golden parachute"  or employment agreement, but
          excluding for this purpose any stock option agreement or stock
          bonus agreement or stock appreciation right agreement that may
          provide for accelerated vesting or related benefits upon the
          occurrence of a change in control), the benefits provided in
          this Agreement shall not be payable to Executive.  Executive
          may, however, elect to receive all of the benefits provided for
          in this Agreement in lieu of all of the benefits provided in all
          such other agreements.  Any such election shall be made with
          respect to the agreements as a whole, and Executive cannot
          select some benefits from one agreement and other benefits from
          this Agreement.

     5.2  The vesting or accrual of stock options, restricted stock, stock
          bonuses, or any other stock awards shall not continue following
          termination.  Any agreements between Executive and Tektronix
          that relate to stock awards (including but not limited to stock
          options, long term incentive program, stock bonuses and
          restricted stock) shall be governed by such agreements and shall
          not be affected by this Agreement.

6.   DEFINITIONS.

     6.1  CAUSE.  Termination by Tektronix of Executive's employment for
          "Cause" shall mean termination upon (a) the willful and
          continued failure by Executive to perform substantially
          Executive's reasonably assigned duties with Tektronix (other
          than any such failure resulting from Executive's incapacity due
          to physical or mental illness) after a demand for 
          
                                      3
<PAGE>

          substantial performance is delivered to Executive by the Chairman 
          of the Board of Directors or the President of Tektronix which
          specifically identifies the manner in which such executive
          believes that Executive has not substantially performed
          Executive's duties, or (b) the willful engaging by Executive in
          illegal conduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious
          to Tektronix.  For purposes of this Section 6.1, no act, or
          failure to act, on Executive's part shall be considered
          "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive in
          knowing bad faith and without reasonable belief that Executive's
          action or omission was in, or not opposed to, the best interests
          of Tektronix.  Any act, or failure to act, based upon authority
          given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board of
          Directors or based upon the advice of counsel for Tektronix
          shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be
          done, by Executive in good faith and in the best interests of
          Tektronix.

     6.2  DISABILITY.  Termination by Tektronix of Executive's employment
          based on "Disability" shall mean termination because of
          Executive's absence from Executive's duties with Tektronix on a
          full-time basis for one hundred eighty (180) consecutive days as
          a result of Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental
          illness, unless within thirty (30) days after notice of
          termination by Tektronix following such absence Executive shall
          have returned to the full-time performance of Executive's
          duties.

7.   SUCCESSORS; BINDING AGREEMENT.

     7.1  This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of
          Tektronix and its successors and assigns.

     7.2  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable
          by Executive and Executive's legal representatives, executors,
          administrators and heirs.

8.   RESIGNATION OF CORPORATE OFFICES.  Executive will resign Executive's
     office, if any, as a director, officer or trustee of Tektronix, its
     subsidiaries or affiliates, effective as of the date of termination
     of employment.  Executive agrees to provide Tektronix such written
     resignation(s) upon request.

9.   GOVERNING LAW, ARBITRATION.  This Agreement shall be construed in
     accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Oregon.  Any
     dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this
     Agreement or the breach thereof, shall be settled exclusively by
     arbitration in Portland, Oregon in accordance with the Commercial
     Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration 
     
                                      4
<PAGE>                                      

     Association, and judgment upon the award rendered by the Arbitrator 
     may be entered in any Court having jurisdiction thereof.

10.  FEES AND EXPENSES.  In the event that Executive initiates arbitration
     under the circumstances described in this Agreement to obtain or
     enforce any right or benefit provided by this Agreement and the
     arbitrator determines that Executive is the prevailing party,
     Executive shall be permitted to recover Executive's reasonable
     attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with such proceeding. 
     In the event that the arbitrator determines that Tektronix is the
     prevailing party, each party shall bear its own attorneys' fees and
     costs incurred in connection with such proceeding.

11.  AMENDMENT.  No provision of this Agreement may be modified unless such
     modification is agreed to in a writing signed by Executive and
     Tektronix.




TEKTRONIX, INC.                                                               
                                          _______________________________
                                                        NAME

By: ______________________________                             

Title:  __________________________

                                      5
<PAGE>

                                  Exhibit A

                              RELEASE OF CLAIMS


This Release of Claims (the "Release") is made and executed by_____________
__________________ in connection with the termination of my employment with 
Tektronix, Inc. ("Tektronix") and in consideration of my receiving valuable 
severance pay and benefits as provided for in the Executive Severance 
Agreement ("Agreement").  These benefits are substantial consideration to 
which I am not otherwise entitled.

On behalf of myself and my spouse, heirs, administrators and assigns, I
hereby release Tektronix, its parent and related corporations, affiliates,
or joint venturers and all officers, directors, employees, agents, and
insurers of the aforementioned (collectively the "Company") from any and
all liability, damages or causes of action, whether known or unknown
relating to my employment with the Company or the termination of that
employment, including but not limited to any claims for additional
compensation in any form, or damages.  This specifically includes, but is
not limited to, all claims for relief or remedy under any state or federal
laws, including but not limited to Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of
1964, the Post-Civil War Civil Rights Acts (42 USC Sections 1981-1988), the 
Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, the Age Discrimination in 
Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act, the Older Workers
Benefit Protection Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act,
the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' Readjustment
Assistance Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Executive Order 11246, all
as amended, and the civil rights, employment and labor laws of the state
of any state or the United States. 

This Release shall not affect any rights which I may have under any medical
insurance, disability, workers' compensation, unemployment compensation or
retirement plans maintained by the Company.

I acknowledge that I have been given at least 45 days to consider whether
to execute this Release of Claims and accept benefits under the Program;
that I have been advised of my right to consult with an attorney or
financial advisor of my choice and at my own expense; that the Agreement
gives me severance pay and benefits which the Company would otherwise have
no obligation to give me; and that I voluntarily enter into the Release of
Claims.

I understand that the Release of Claims is to be signed within 45 days from
the date I received it or on my last day of employment, whichever is later,
and that I may revoke the Release of Claims, provided I do so in writing
within seven (7) days of signing the Release.  I understand and agree that
the Company will have no obligation to pay me any benefits under the
Agreement until the expiration of the revocation 

                                      6

<PAGE>

period, provided I have not revoked the Release of Claims.  I understand that 
if I revoke the Release of Claims my termination will nonetheless remain in 
full force and effect and I will not be entitled to any benefits under the 
Agreement.

I acknowledge that I have had time to consider the alternatives and
consequences of my election to receive benefits under the Agreement and of
signing the Release; that I am aware of my right to consult an attorney or
financial advisor at my own expense; and that, in consideration for
executing this Release and my election to receive benefits under the
Agreement, I have received additional benefits and compensation of value
to which I would not otherwise be entitled.

I HAVE READ THE FOREGOING RELEASE.  I UNDERSTAND THE EFFECT OF THIS RELEASE
AND I VOLUNTARILY ENTER INTO IT AT THIS TIME.

Every provision of this Release is intended to be severable.  In the event
any term or provision contained in this Release is determined to be
illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such illegality, invalidity or
unenforceability shall not affect the other terms and provisions of this
Release which shall continue in full force and effect.

Dated: __________________, 1993

____________________________
Employee Name 

____________________________
Employee Signature

                                      7

<PAGE>                                                                      

                                                            EXHIBIT-10(ix)  

                       
                       EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

                             October 23, 1992

Mr. Jerome J. Meyer  
24790 S.W. Big Fir Road
West Linn, OR  97068                                      EXECUTIVE

TEKTRONIX, INC.,
an Oregon corporation
P.O. Box 1000
Wilsonville, Oregon                                       TEKTRONIX

Tektronix considers the establishment and maintenance of a sound and
vital management to be essential to protecting and enhancing the best
interests of Tektronix and its shareholders.  In order to induce
Executive to remain employed by Tektronix in the face of uncertainties
about the long-term strategies of Tektronix and their potential impact
on the scope and nature of Executive's position with Tektronix, this
Agreement, which has been approved by the Organization and Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors of Tektronix, sets forth the
severance benefits that  Tektronix will provide to Executive in the
event Executive's employment by Tektronix is terminated under the
circumstances described in this Agreement.

1.   EMPLOYMENT RELATIONSHIP.  Executive is currently employed by
     Tektronix as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.  Executive and
     Tektronix acknowledge that either party may terminate this
     employment relationship at any time and for any reason, subject to
     the obligation of Tektronix to provide the benefits specified in
     this Agreement in accordance with the terms hereof.

2.   COMPENSATION UPON TERMINATION.  In the event that Executive's
     employment by Tektronix as its Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     is terminated at any time by Tektronix other than for Cause (as
     defined in Section 5.1 of this Agreement), death, Disability (as
     defined in Section 5.2 of this Agreement) or Retirement (as defined
     in Section 5.3 of this Agreement), Executive shall be entitled to
     the following benefits:

     2.1  As severance pay and in lieu of any further salary for periods
          subsequent to the date of termination, Tektronix shall pay
          Executive, in a single payment within thirty days after
          termination, an amount in cash equal to two times Executive's
          annual base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to
          the date of termination, or, if greater, an amount in cash
          equal to two times Executive's average annual base salary for
          the three years ending with Executive's last salary change
          preceding termination.

                                       1

<PAGE>

     2.2  Executive is entitled to extend coverage under any group
          health plan in which he and his dependents are enrolled at the
          time of termination of employment under the COBRA continuation
          laws for the 18-month  statutory period, or so long as he
          remains eligible under COBRA.  The COBRA continuation period
          shall begin on the day that coverage under Tektronix' group
          health plans normally ends due to termination of  employment. 
          Tektronix agrees to cover Executive's COBRA continuation
          payments until the earlier of the termination of his COBRA
          continuation rights as the result of coverage under the group
          health plan of a new employer or one year after the date of
          termination of employment, provided that Executive continues
          to pay an amount equal to Executive's regular contribution, if
          any, for group health benefits.  

     2.3  Executive shall be entitled to a portion of the benefits under
          any incentive plans in effect at the time of termination
          (including the Results Sharing Plan and the Annual Performance
          Improvement Plan), prorated for the portion of the plan year
          during which Executive was a participant.  Unless the
          applicable plan provides for a greater payment for a
          participant whose employment terminates prior to the end of an 
          incentive period (in which case the applicable plan payment
          shall be made), the proration shall be calculated pursuant to
          this Section 2.3.  The payment, if any, that would have been
          made under Executive's  award had Executive been made a
          participant for the full incentive period shall be calculated
          at the end of the incentive period.  Such amount shall be
          divided by the total number of days in the incentive period
          and the result multiplied by the actual number of days
          Executive participated in the plan.  Prorated awards shall not
          be due and payable by Tektronix to Executive until the date
          that all awards are paid after the close of the incentive
          period.

     2.4  Tektronix shall reimburse Executive up to $12,500 for
          outplacement services provided to Executive by a third-party
          outplacement firm selected by Executive that are incurred by
          Executive within 12 months following Executive's termination.

3.   SUBSEQUENT EMPLOYMENT.  Except as provided in Section 2.2 of this
     Agreement, the amount of any payment provided for in this Agreement
     shall not be reduced, offset or subject to recovery by Tektronix by
     reason of any compensation earned  by Executive as the result of
     employment by another employer after termination.

                                       2

<PAGE>

4.   OTHER AGREEMENTS.

     4.1  In the event that severance benefits are payable to Executive
          under any other agreement with Tektronix in effect at the time
          of termination (including any change of control, "golden
          parachute"  or employment agreement, but excluding any stock
          option agreement or stock bonus agreement or stock
          appreciation right agreement that may provide for accelerated
          vesting or related benefits upon termination or upon the
          occurrence of a change in control), the benefits provided in
          this Agreement shall not be payable to Executive.  Executive
          may, however, elect to receive all of the benefits provided
          for in this Agreement in lieu of all of the benefits provided
          in all such other agreements.  Any such election shall be made
          with respect to the agreements as a whole, and  Executive
          cannot select some benefits from one agreement and other
          benefits from this Agreement.  No such election shall,
          however, operate to deprive Executive of the benefit of any
          term or provision relating to acceleration or lapse of
          forfeiture restrictions in any stock option or stock bonus
          agreement between Tektronix and Executive, even if such term
          or provision is referred to or required by an employment or
          compensation agreement or other agreement of the kind covered
          by the first sentence of this section.

     4.2  The vesting or accrual of stock options, restricted stock or
          any other stock  awards shall not continue following
          termination except as may be expressly provided by their
          terms.  Any agreements between Executive and Tektronix that
          relate to stock awards (including but not limited to stock
          options, stock bonuses and restricted stock, and the
          provisions of any employment agreement or compensation
          agreement relating to special acceleration of options or lapse
          of forfeiture restrictions on bonus shares) shall remain in
          effect, and the treatment of such stock awards shall be
          governed by such agreements.

5.   DEFINITIONS.

     5.1  CAUSE.  Termination by Tektronix of Executive's employment for
          "Cause" shall mean termination upon (a) the willful and
          continued failure by Executive to perform substantially
          Executive's reasonably assigned duties with Tektronix (other
          than any such failure resulting from Executive's incapacity
          due to physical or mental illness) after a demand for
          substantial performance is delivered to Executive by the
          Chairman of the Organization and Compensation Committee of the
          Board of Directors of Tektronix which specifically identifies
          the manner in which such executive believes that Executive has
          not substantially performed Executive's duties, or (b) the
          willful engaging by Executive in illegal 

                                     3

<PAGE>          

          conduct which is materially and demonstrably injurious to
          Tektronix.  For purposes of this Section 5.1, no act, or
          failure to act, on Executive's part shall be considered
          "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by Executive in
          knowing bad faith and without reasonable belief that
          Executive's action or omission was in, or not opposed to, the
          best interests of Tektronix.  Any act, or failure to act,
          based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly
          adopted by the Board of Directors or based upon the advice of
          counsel for  Tektronix shall be conclusively presumed to be
          done, or omitted to be done, by Executive in good faith and in
          the best interests of Tektronix.

     5.2  DISABILITY.  Termination by Tektronix of Executive's
          employment based on "Disability" shall mean termination
          because of Executive's absence from Executive's duties with
          Tektronix on a full-time basis for one hundred eighty (180)
          consecutive days as a result of Executive's incapacity due to
          physical or mental illness, unless within thirty (30) days
          after termination following such absence Executive shall have
          returned to the full-time performance of Executive's duties.

     5.3  RETIREMENT.  Termination by Executive or by Tektronix of
          Executive's employment based on "Retirement" shall mean
          termination on Executive's normal retirement date as set forth
          in the Tektronix Pension Plan (or any successor or substitute
          plan of Tektronix).

6.   SUCCESSORS; BINDING AGREEMENT.

     6.1  This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of
          Tektronix and its successors and assigns.

     6.2  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
          enforceable by Executive and Executive's legal
          representatives, executors, administrators and heirs.

7.   FEES AND EXPENSES.  Tektronix shall pay all legal fees and related
     expenses incurred by Executive as a result of Executive's seeking
     to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided by this
     Agreement.

                                       4 
                                
<PAGE>

8.   AMENDMENT.  No provision of this Agreement may be modified unless
     such modification is agreed to in a writing signed by Executive and
     Tektronix.

9.   GOVERNING LAW.  This Agreement shall be construed in accordance
     with and governed  by the laws of the State of Oregon.  


TEKTRONIX, INC.                                                            
                                               /s/ J.J. Meyer
                                              -------------------            
                                               JEROME J. MEYER
       /s/ A.V. Smith
By:   -----------------                                     
Title: ----------------                                    
                       
                                      5



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10(X) - LIST: RETENTION INCENTIVE AGREEMENTS
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                            EXHIBIT 10(x)





LIST OF NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS WITH WHOM
TEKTRONIX HAS A BASIC FORM OF RETENTION INCENTIVE
AGREEMENT IN SUBSTANTIALLY THE FORM ATTACHED



NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

Carl W. Neun

John P. Karalis



<PAGE>
                                                            EXHIBIT 10(x)  
                                                 

                      RETENTION INCENTIVE AGREEMENT

This Retention Incentive Agreement (the "Agreement") is effective March 
16, 1994 between Tektronix, Inc., an Oregon corporation ("Tektronix")
and   [Name]   ("Executive").

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, Tektronix and Executive agree as
follows:

1.   Executive is awarded the performance-based restricted stock grant
for the number of shares and on the terms and conditions set forth on
Exhibit A ("Restricted Stock Grant").

2.  In the event that Executive's employment with Tektronix is
terminated by Tektronix without Cause (as defined in Section 6.1 of
Executive's Executive Severance Agreement dated September 22, 1993 (the
"Executive Severance Agreement"))  at any time prior to February 2,
1996:  

     (A)  notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any restricted or
     bonus stock grants (including the Restricted Stock Grant, but
     excluding  any performance share awards under the Tektronix Long-
     Term Incentive Compensation Program ("LTIP Awards")) or in any
     stock option agreements held by Executive on the date of
     termination:  (i) all restricted or bonus stock grants other than
     LTIP Awards and all stock options held by Executive on the date of
     termination shall fully vest on the date of termination (whether
     or not vesting was conditioned on the passage of time or the
     achievement of performance objectives), and (ii) Executive shall
     have a period equal to the longer of:  (a)  two (2) years from the
     date of termination and (b) the period provided in his grants, to
     exercise any stock options held by Executive on the date of
     termination; provided that the period permitted for exercise shall
     in no event extend beyond the expiration of the related option as
     originally granted, and 
     
     (B)  notwithstanding any length of service requirements in any
     LTIP Awards, all LTIP Awards shall continue in force after
     Executive's termination and Executive shall be entitled to
     benefits under the LTIP Awards in accordance with the actual
     achievement of the performance objectives as set out in the LTIP
     Awards, which benefits shall be calculated in the manner and
     payable at the times specified in the LTIP Awards.

                                      1

<PAGE>

     (C)  any severance payment which may be due as a result of the
     termination under section 3.1 of Executive's Executive Severance 
     Agreement, is increased from one (1) to two (2) times Executive's 
     annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the date of
     termination.

All other terms and conditions of the restricted or bonus stock grants,
stock option agreements, the LTIP Awards and the Executive Severance
Agreement shall continue to apply.  

Executive acknowledges and agrees that the purpose of this Agreement is to
provide both for retention of the Executive and to provide flexibility in 
Tektronix' use of Executive's services.  Consequently, Executive agrees 
that for purposes of this Agreement (including the Restricted Stock Grant),
Executive's employment with Tektronix shall not be deemed terminated if 
Executive is assigned additional or different titles and/or tasks and
responsibilities from those currently held or assigned, provided that
any changes:  (i) leave Executive with management responsibility, 
consistent with Executive's areas of professional expertise, for a
significant functional activity and/or a significant business unit or
subsidiary, and (ii) do not require Executive to relocate from the 
greater Portland, Oregon area.  In the event Tektronix terminates 
Executive's employment because of (a) the death of Executive, or (b) 
physical disability preventing the Executive from performing regular 
duties, such termination shall be deemed a termination by Tektronix 
without Cause for purposes of this Agreement.

3.  For Tektronix' fiscal years 1994 and 1995, Executive's award
targets under the Tektronix Annual Performance Improvement Plan
("APIP") shall be based on achievement of a specific set of objectives
as set by the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of
Tektronix ("Chairman and CEO") and approved by the Company's Organization 
and Compensation Committee (the "OCC").   The objectives may include 
corporate or operating unit performance measures, achievement of the 
restructuring of Tektronix (including the types of activities set out in 
the Restricted Stock Grant) or other targets or tasks as set by the 
Chairman and CEO and approved by the OCC, in their sole discretion.    
The objectives for the current fiscal year (1994) shall be set as soon as 
reasonably possible, shall replace the current award objectives entirely 
and shall apply to the entire year.   The objectives for fiscal year 1995 
shall be set at the regular time for setting APIP award objectives.    
Executive's participation in APIP shall otherwise continue to be governed 
by the terms of the APIP plan as in effect from time to time.

4.  Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, nothing in this
Agreement is intended to affect Executive's right to participate in the
compensation plans or programs of Tektronix to the extent they may
apply pursuant to their terms and conditions as in effect from time to
time.   By way of example, if changes are made to the Tektronix Long
Term Incentive Compensation Program ("LTIP")  to modify or 

                                       2

<PAGE>

eliminate performance targets (such as Average Return on Equity), Executive's
participation in the plan shall also be adjusted to reflect any such
changes applicable to Executive. 

5.   In consideration of the benefits outlined in this Agreement,
Executive agrees to execute and deliver a Release of Claims, in the
form attached as Exhibit A to Executive's Executive Severance Agreement 
on the date of termination of employment with Tektronix.   Execution and 
delivery of the Release of Claims is a condition precedent to Tektronix'
obligations under this Agreement. 

6.  This Agreement is not a contract of employment.   Except as
expressly stated in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement grants,
modifies or eliminates any rights of Executive or Tektronix pursuant to
any other agreements between them.   Except as expressly stated in this
Agreement, there is no change in the relationship between Tektronix and
Executive, with all arrangements continuing to be governed by the terms
and conditions in effect on the date of this Agreement, including those
of any written employment agreement (or absent such an agreement, to
continue on an "at will" basis) and of any applicable plan, including
the APIP and LTIP plans, as may be in effect from time to time.

7.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties
concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any
other discussions, agreements, representations or warranties of any
kind.

8.  This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed
by the laws of Oregon.  Any dispute or controversy arising under or in
connection with this Agreement or the breach thereof, shall be settled
exclusively by arbitration in Portland, Oregon in accordance with the
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association or
such comparable rules as may be agreed upon by the parties.  Any
judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in
any court having jurisdiction thereof.

9.  Any modification of this Agreement shall be effective only if in
writing and signed by each party or its duly authorized representative. 
If for any reason any provision of this Agreement shall be held
invalid in whole or in part, such invalidity shall not affect the
remainder of this Agreement.

TEKTRONIX, INC.                        EXECUTIVE


By: _________________________          ________________________
    Chairman,                          (Name)
    Organization and Compensation
    Committee

                                      3


<PAGE>        
                                                            EXHIBIT 10(x) 
                   

                     RETENTION INCENTIVE AGREEMENT

This Retention Incentive Agreement (the "Agreement") is effective March 
16, 1994 between Tektronix, Inc., an Oregon corporation ("Tektronix")
and Jerome J. Meyer ("Executive").

For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of
which are hereby acknowledged, Tektronix and Executive agree as follows:

1.   Executive is awarded the performance-based restricted stock grant
for the number of shares and on the terms and conditions set forth on
Exhibit A ("Restricted Stock Grant").

2.  In the event that Executive's employment with Tektronix is
terminated by Tektronix without Cause (as defined in Section 5.1 of
Executive's Executive Severance Agreement dated October 23, 1992 (the
"Executive Severance Agreement"))  at any time prior to February 2,
1996:  

     (A)  notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any restricted or
     bonus stock grants (including the Restricted Stock Grant, but
     excluding  any performance share awards under the Tektronix Long-
     Term Incentive Compensation Program ("LTIP Awards")) or in any
     stock option agreements held by Executive on the date of
     termination:  (i) all restricted or bonus stock grants other than
     LTIP Awards and all stock options held by Executive on the date of
     termination shall fully vest on the date of termination (whether or
     not vesting was conditioned on the passage of time or the
     achievement of performance objectives), and (ii) Executive shall
     have a period equal to the longer of:  (a)  two (2) years from the
     date of termination and (b) the period provided in his grants, to
     exercise any stock options held by Executive on the date of
     termination; provided that the period permitted for exercise shall
     in no event extend beyond the expiration of the related option as
     originally granted, and 
     
     (B)  notwithstanding any length of service requirements in any LTIP
     Awards, all LTIP Awards shall continue in force after Executive's
     termination and Executive shall be entitled to benefits under the
     LTIP Awards in accordance with the actual achievement of the
     performance objectives as set out in the LTIP Awards, which
     benefits shall be calculated in the manner and payable at the times
     specified in the LTIP Awards.

                                      1

<PAGE>

All other terms and conditions of the restricted or bonus stock grants,
stock option agreements, the LTIP Awards and the Executive Severance
Agreement shall continue to apply.  

In the event Tektronix terminates Executive's employment because of (a)
the death of Executive, or (b) physical disability preventing the
Executive from performing regular duties, such termination shall be
deemed a termination by Tektronix without Cause for purposes of this
Agreement.

3.  For Tektronix' fiscal years 1994 and 1995, Executive's award targets
under the Tektronix Annual Performance Improvement Plan ("APIP") shall
be based on achievement of a specific set of objectives as set by the
Company's Organization and Compensation Committee (the "OCC").   The
objectives may include corporate or operating unit performance measures,
achievement of the restructuring of Tektronix (including the types of
activities set out in the Restricted Stock Grant) or other targets or
tasks as set by the OCC, in their sole discretion.    The objectives for
the current fiscal year (1994) shall be set as soon as reasonably
possible, shall replace the current award objectives entirely and shall
apply to the entire year.   The objectives for fiscal year 1995 shall be
set at the regular time for setting APIP award objectives.   
Executive's participation in APIP shall otherwise continue to be
governed by the terms of the APIP plan as in effect from time to time.

4.  Except as expressly stated in this Agreement, nothing in this
Agreement is intended to affect Executive's right to participate in the
compensation plans or programs of Tektronix to the extent they may apply
pursuant to their terms and conditions as in effect from time to time.  
By way of example, if changes are made to the Tektronix Long Term
Incentive Compensation Program ("LTIP")  to modify or eliminate
performance targets (such as Average Return on Equity), Executive's
participation in the plan shall also be adjusted to reflect any such
changes applicable to Executive. 

5.   In consideration of the benefits outlined in this Agreement,
Executive agrees to execute and deliver a Release of Claims, in the form
attached as Exhibit B to this Agreement, on the date of termination of
employment with Tektronix.   Execution and delivery of the Release of
Claims is a condition precedent to Tektronix' obligations under this
Agreement. 

6.  This Agreement is not a contract of employment.   Except as
expressly stated in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement grants,
modifies or eliminates any rights of Executive or Tektronix pursuant to
any other agreements between them.   Except as expressly stated in this
Agreement, there is no change in the relationship between Tektronix and
Executive, with all arrangements continuing to be governed by the terms
and conditions in effect on the date of this Agreement, including those
of any written employment agreement (or absent such an agreement, to
continue on 
                                      
                                      2

<PAGE>

an "at will" basis) and of any applicable plan, including
the APIP and LTIP plans, as may be in effect from time to time.

7.  This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties
concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes any other
discussions, agreements, representations or warranties of any kind.

8.  This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with and governed by
the laws of Oregon.  Any dispute or controversy arising under or in
connection with this Agreement or the breach thereof, shall be settled
exclusively by arbitration in Portland, Oregon in accordance with the
Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association or
such comparable rules as may be agreed upon by the parties.  Any
judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any
court having jurisdiction thereof.

9.  Any modification of this Agreement shall be effective only if in
writing and signed by each party or its duly authorized representative.  
If for any reason any provision of this Agreement shall be held invalid
in whole or in part, such invalidity shall not affect the remainder of
this Agreement.

TEKTRONIX, INC.                         EXECUTIVE


By: /s/ A.V. SMITH                      /s/ J.J. MEYER 
    Chairman,                           Jerome J. Meyer
    Organization and Compensation
    Committee
                                       3
</TEXT>                                      
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10 (XIII) EMPLOYMENT LETTER AGREEMENT (KARALIS; 9/1/92)
<TEXT>

<PAGE> 
                                                           EXHIBIT 10(xiii)


September 1, 1992



John Karalis
7878-66 East Gainey Ranch Road
Scottsdale, AZ  85258

Dear John:

On behalf of Tektronix, Inc. I am pleased to confirm our
offer of employment in the position of Vice President,
Corporate Development.  In this position you will report to
Jerome J. Meyer.  The title of Vice President is conferred
by the Board of Directors and is subject to Board approval.
Following is a summary of the benefits and terms relating to
this offer:
   
   1.   COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS
   Your compensation will consist of a base salary, payable
   biweekly, at the annual rate of $175,000.  You will also
   participate in the Tektronix Results Sharing program
   which provides employees with a cash payout when
   specific financial targets are achieved.  In addition,
   you will receive a comprehensive benefits package that
   includes group insurance, a company 401(k) plan,
   flexible time off, and tuition reimbursement.  You will
   receive more information about the Tektronix benefits
   program in your new employee orientation.
   
   In this position, you will be a participant in the
   Tektronix Annual Performance Improvement Plan (APIP).
   The APIP plan provides cash payment opportunities
   contingent on attainment of established performance
   targets.  The targeted amount for the 1993 fiscal year
   will be 30% of your base pay, payable after the plan
   year closes.  Your APIP participation for the 1993
   fiscal year will be prorated, commencing on the date you
   begin employment at Tektronix.  This amount will be
   payable, on the normal plan schedule, unless you
   voluntarily terminate your employment or are terminated
   by Tektronix for cause at any time prior to the date
   payment is made following the close of the 1993 fiscal
   year or July 31, whichever is earlier.  In subsequent
   years, incentive compensation will be earned and paid in
   accordance with applicable incentive compensation plans.
   
   2.   STOCK BONUS AWARD
   Pursuant to the Tektronix Stock Incentive Plan, you will
   receive a stock bonus award of 10,000 shares of
   Tektronix common stock.  The award will become effective
   on the date you begin employment at Tektronix.  One half
   of the shares will vest at the end of the first and
   second years of your employment with Tektronix.  This
   award will be subject to certain restrictions stated in
   the plan and outlined in a 
   
                                      1

<PAGE>
   
   separate Stock Bonus
   Agreement to be prepared following Board approval.  In
   general, the unvested bonus shares will be subject to
   forfeiture to Tektronix if your employment terminates
   for any reason during a forfeiture period of two years
   following the date of the award.  The plan contains
   special provisions for non-forfeiture in the event of
   death or disability.  The plan also provides that
   dividends (plus interest) will be accumulated for your
   account subject to the same possibility of forfeiture,
   but you will have voting rights on the stock during the
   forfeiture period.  A copy of the prospectus for the
   plan is enclosed for your information.
   
   3.   ADDITIONAL BENEFITS
   Tektronix will also provide you the following additional
   benefits:
       
       Housing Allowance.  Tektronix will pay you a
       housing allowance of $1,250 per month.
       
       Commuting Expenses.  Tektronix will reimburse
       you for reasonable (business class) airfare
       expenses for up to 4 trips per month between
       Portland and your residence in Phoenix.
   
   These benefits will be provided to you for a period of
   24 months or as long as you maintain your principal
   residence outside the Portland area, whichever is the
   lesser.  You should be advised that these benefits may
   be subject to applicable state or federal tax
   withholding and may consist of taxable income.
   
   4.   ELIGIBILITY FOR SEVERANCE PAY
   As we have discussed, Tektronix is an "at-will"
   employer.  Basically, this means that your position is
   not intended to be for any fixed term and either you or
   the company can terminate it at any time and for any
   reason.  However, if your employment is terminated by
   Tektronix other than for cause at any time during the
   first year after your employment begins, you will
   receive as severance pay an amount equal to one year of
   your then-current base pay.  If your employment is
   terminated by Tektronix other than for cause at any time
   during the second year, you will receive as severance
   pay the amount you would have earned during the
   remainder of the second year had your employment not
   been terminated.
   
   For purposes of this letter, cause for termination would
   generally be defined as limited to any willful and
   continuous failure to perform your reasonably assigned
   duties (as determined by the CEO), the commission by you
   of felonious acts or any act of fraud or dishonesty, or
   the commission of any act of willful misconduct that, in
   the judgment of the CEO, materially and adversely
   affects the financial condition of Tektronix.

As you know, your election as a Vice President of Tektronix,
the stock bonus award, APIP participation and severance pay
all require the approval of the Tektronix Board of Directors
or its Organization and Compensation 

                                      3

<PAGE>


Committee.  If the terms of this offer are acceptable to you, 
I will recommend formal action and approval by the Board or the 
Committee at the next regular meeting.

This offer is intended to supersede the existing consulting
relationship between you and Tektronix.

John, we have enclosed the following forms which will need
to be signed upon your acceptance of this position:
     
     .   EMPLOYMENT ELIGIBILITY VERIFICATION FORM (Form I-9)
     We are required by the Immigration Reform and Control
     Act of 1986 to have this form completed and on file for
     all Tektronix employees.  Please bring the appropriate
     documents mentioned in the Form I-9 with you on your
     first day of employment.
     
     .   TEKTRONIX EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
     This document refers to the nondisclosure of company
     confidential information and ownership of inventions.
     Tektronix requires that all employees sign this
     document.

Should you have questions concerning any part of this offer
letter, please call me at 503/685-4020.  To confirm your
acceptance of this offer, please sign the original of this
letter where indicated and return it along with the signed
copy of the Employment Agreement.  We look forward to
hearing from you by September 8, 1992 regarding your
decision.

Congratulations and we look forward to welcoming you to Tektronix!

Sincerely,


/s/ T. Thorsteinson

Timothy E. Thorsteinson
Vice President
Quality/Human Resources

enclosures:  Employment Agreement
             Form I-9
             Prospectus

I accept Tektronix's offer of employment under the terms
outlined in this letter.  (See addendum attached.)


/s/ John Karalis             9/1/92
________________________    _______________________
John Karalis                 Date

                                      3


<PAGE>
                    
     ADDENDUM TO THE JOHN P. KARALIS SEPTEMBER 1, 1992 OFFER LETTER.

1.   Employment will be deemed to commence September 1, 1992.

2.   During the first 24 months of his employment, Mr. Karalis is 
     entitled to 35 days off in addition to regular company holidays. 
     Business air travel of over 2 hours shall be first class.

3.   Mr. Karalis' base salary will be reviewed at the close of the 
     1993 fiscal year and again at the close of the 1994 fiscal year.

4.   Mr. Karalis shall receive a guaranteed APIP award, or other cash
     equivalent, of 30% of his base salary, prorated from September 1,
     1992, for the 1993 fiscal year.

5.   Mr. Karalis' stock bonus award will be reviewed at the close of
     the 1993 fiscal year and again at the close of the 1994 fiscal
     year.

6.   The housing allowance of $1,250.00 per month shall apply during
     the first 24 months of employment if Mr. Karalis purchases a
     residence in the Portland area while also maintaining a residence
     in the Phoenix area.  In addition, Tektronix shall reimburse Mr.
     Karalis reasonable and actual customary closing costs in a
     Portland area residence purchase and real estate commission and
     reasonable and actual customary closing costs in selling such a 
     residence upon termination of his employment at Tektronix.

7.   During that period of the first 24 months of employment during
     which Mr. Karalis elects to rent housing in the Portland area
     while maintaining a residence in the Phoenix area, Tektronix shall
     pay him a housing allowance equal to the apartment rental,
     furniture package and house-keeping and utilities charges not to
     exceed those set forth in the attached Oswego Pointe quotation. 
     Tektronix may, at its option, pay these charges directly to the
     lessor and/or furniture rental provider.

8.   Tektronix shall reimburse Mr. Karalis for purchase and
     installation of a fax machine at his Phoenix area residence for
     business use and, if feasible at reasonable cost, installation of
     Tektronix electronic mail upon Mr. Karalis' computer at his
     Phoenix area home.

9.   The air fare expenses referred to in item 3 of the offer letter
     may be incurred by either Mr. Karalis, his wife, his son or his
     daughter.  (Mr. Karalis' "principal residence" shall be deemed to
     be in Phoenix for so long as he maintains a residence there.)

10.  If Tektronix' health insurance does not provide dependent coverage
     for Mr. Karalis' son, Tektronix shall reimburse Mr. Karalis the
     additional premium required to purchase commensurate coverage.

11.  Mr. Karalis shall receive the following severance pay if he is
     terminated by Tektronix other than for cause during the first 24
     months of his employment.  An immediate lump sum cash payment
     equal to the sum of:

      a.  An amount equal to his base salary at the date of termination
          for the entire period remaining of the first 24 months of his
          employment.

      b.  If the APIP award for the 1993 fiscal year has not been paid
          as referred to in item 4 of this addendum, then an amount equal
          to the guaranteed APIP award referred to in item 4.  Any amount 
          to be paid under this item with respect to an unpaid award for 
          the 1994 fiscal year shall be at the discretion of Jerome Meyer.

     c.  The issue of compensation for any unvested portion of the
         10,000 share stock bonus award as of the date of termination 
         remains open 

<PAGE>   pending review of this general topic by the Board of
         Directors.

     In addition, Tektronix shall reimburse Mr. Karalis the lease
     termination costs for a rented Portland residence or the item 6 selling 
     costs for a purchased residence, whichever the case may actually be.

12.  Any failure by Tektronix to provide the compensation benefits,
     stock bonus award and other consideration set forth in the offer 
     letter; any change in Mr. Karalis' reporting relationship to Mr. 
     Meyer as chief executive officer; change in title; material change 
     in responsibilities; change in location of office from the corporate 
     executive suite in Wilsonville, Oregon; material change in perquisites; 
     or other material change in his employment relationship; may be deemed 
     by Mr. Karalis, at his option, to be a constructive termination by 
     Tektronix other than for cause.
 
13.  Any inconsistency between this addendum and the typed text of the
     offer letter shall be controlled by this addendum.  References to the
     offer letter include this addendum.
  
14.  Any dispute arising out of this agreement or the employment
     relationship to which it refers shall be resolved by arbitration 
     under the rules of the American Arbitration Assocation in San Francisco, 
     California. 

     Any arbitral award may be enforced in any court of competent
     jurisdiction.
  
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10 (XIV) - EXECUTIVE COMP. AND BENEFITS AGREEMENT (NEUN)
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                            EXHIBIT 10(xiv)

               EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS AGREEMENT



Carl W. Neun
3530 Lakeview
Lake Oswego, OR  97034                                     Executive

Tektronix, Inc.,
an Oregon corporation
P.O. Box 1000
Wilsonville, OR  97075                                     Tektronix


       1.  EMPLOYMENT.

           By letter dated February 16, 1993 from Tim Thorsteinson, Vice
President, Total Quality/Human Resources,("Offer Letter") Tektronix
offered and Executive accepted employment with Tektronix on a full-time
basis as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Tektronix.  The
Offer Letter, at page 4, provided that Tektronix would give Executive a
written three-year contract covering compensation and benefits. 
WHEREFORE, Tektronix hereby offers and Executive hereby accepts this
Executive Compensation and Benefits Agreement.

       2.  EFFECTIVE DATE.

           Executive's employment hereunder commenced on March 29, 1993
(the "Effective Date") and shall continue under this Agreement until the
third anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated earlier as
hereinafter provided.

       3.  POSITION; DUTIES.

           3.1 Effective March 31, 1993, the Board of Directors of
Tektronix elected Executive Chief Financial Officer and a Vice President
of Tektronix, subject to Executive's acceptance of this Agreement and to
the customary restrictions relating to the election, tenure, removal and
replacement of corporate officers.

           3.2 Executive will, during the term of this Agreement,
faithfully and diligently perform all such acts and duties, and furnish
such services, as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer or his
designee shall reasonably direct.  Executive will devote such time,
energy, and skill to the business of Tektronix as shall reasonably be
required for the performance of his duties.

                                  1

<PAGE>

     4.   SALARY AND BONUS.

          4.1  On the Effective Date, Tektronix made a one-time cash
payment to Executive of $125,000, less applicable withholding taxes, as
a hire-on bonus.

          4.2  Tektronix will pay Executive base pay at an annual rate
of $350,000 for the 1993 and 1994 fiscal years (respectively "FY300" and
"FY94"), provided that Tektronix, in its sole discretion, may increase
Executive's base pay for any portion of FY94.  Thereafter, Executive's
base pay shall be at an annual rate set, from time to time, by
Tektronix.

          4.3  Tektronix will pay Executive Results Share pay in
accordance with Tektronix' Results Sharing Plan.

          4.4  Executive will be a participant in Tektronix' Annual
Performance Improvement Plan ("APIP") beginning with FY300.  Executive
acknowledges that he has received his APIP payment for FY300. 
Executive's APIP participation for FY94 and subsequent fiscal years
shall be in accordance with the terms of the applicable APIP plan(s) and
the applicable performance targets established thereunder; provided
that, for the twelve (12) month period beginning March 29, 1993 and
ending March 28, 1994, it is expected that achievement of performance
targets for the periods of Executive's FY300 and FY94 APIP participation
apportioned to the 12-months ("combined partial APIP periods") will
produce total incentive compensation for the combined partial APIP
periods of at least 40 percent of base pay earned during the combined
partial APIP periods.  If the total amount payable to Executive for the
combined partial APIP periods is less than 40 percent of base pay,
Tektronix shall pay Executive a one-time lump sum payment equal to the
difference between the amounts actually paid under the plan(s) for the
combined partial APIP periods and 40 percent of base pay earned during
the combined partial APIP periods (the "Guarantee Payment"). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive voluntarily terminates
employment or is terminated for cause prior to the earlier of July 31,
1993 or the date payment is issued under the FY300 APIP plan,
Executive's participation in APIP will terminate and all rights to the
award or guaranteed minimum payment attributable to such plan year (or
any portion thereof) or subsequent years will cease.  If Executive
voluntarily terminates, or is terminated by Tektronix without Cause (as
defined in Section 6.1 of  Executive's Executive Severance Agreement),
after March 28, 1994 but before payment is due under the FY94 APIP plan,
Executive will remain entitled to payment of any Guarantee Payment,
which will be payable at the time payments are made pursuant to the FY94
APIP plan.

                                  2

<PAGE>

          4.5  Base pay shall be payable bi-weekly in arrears; results
share and APIP payments (including any Guarantee Payment) shall be made
at the times provided in the respective plans.  Base pay, results share,
APIP and any other cash payments shall be subject to applicable
withholdings.

     5.   STOCK OPTION GRANT.

          Executive has received a grant of non-statutory stock options
to purchase 150,000 shares of Tektronix common stock under the Tektronix
Stock Incentive Plan ("Stock Incentive Plan"), at an option price per
share equal to the fair market value of the common shares on the
effective date of the grant.  The option grant was effective as of the
Effective Date and will otherwise be subject to the terms of the Stock
Incentive Plan and of a Stock Option Agreement in the form attached
hereto as Exhibit A.

     6.   STOCK BONUS GRANT.

          Executive has received, effective on the Effective Date, a
stock bonus award of 20,000 Tektronix common shares under the Stock
Incentive Plan, and otherwise in accordance with, and subject to, the
terms of the Stock Incentive Plan and the form of Stock Bonus Agreement,
as amended, attached to this Agreement as Exhibit B.  The bonus shares
shall be forfeited to the Company according to the schedule in the Stock
Bonus Agreement, as amended, and possibility of forfeiture shall lapse
as specified in the Stock Bonus Agreement, as amended.

     7.   LONG-TERM INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM.

          Executive has received, effective on the Effective Date, as
part of Tektronix' Long-Term Incentive Compensation Program, stock
options to purchase 35,000 Tektronix common shares under the Stock
Incentive Plan, and otherwise in accordance with, and subject to, the
terms of the Stock Incentive Plan and a Stock Option Agreement in the
form attached to this Agreement as Exhibit C.

          Executive also has received, effective on the Effective Date,
as part of Tektronix' Long-Term Incentive Compensation Program, a stock
bonus award of 11,000 Tektronix common shares under the Stock Incentive
Plan, and otherwise in accordance with, and subject to, the terms of the
Stock Incentive Plan and the form of Performance Shares Agreement
attached to this Agreement as Exhibit D.

                                3

<PAGE>

     8.   BENEFITS.

          Executive's accrual rate for Flexible Time Off (FTO) shall
begin at 8.3 hours per pay period.   Executive shall also be entitled to
such additional benefits and perquisites as Tektronix provides its
officers generally.

     9.   CHANGE IN CONTROL.

          Executive and Tektronix have executed a Change in Control
Severance Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit E.

     10.  EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT.

          Executive and Tektronix have executed an Executive Severance
Agreement in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F.

     11.  SUPPLEMENTAL EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT AGREEMENT.

          In addition to those retirement benefits generally available
to Tektronix employees, Executive shall be entitled to a supplemental
retirement benefit on the terms set forth on Exhibit G attached hereto.

     12.  EMPLOYMENT AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.

          Executive and Tektronix has executed a Tektronix Employment
Agreement covering inventions and confidential information in the form
attached hereto as Exhibit H.

     13.  TERMINATION AND SEVERANCE.

          13.1  Either party may terminate the employment relationship
and this Agreement at any time and for any reason.

          13.2  If Executive's employment is terminated by Tektronix
other than for cause (as defined in the Executive Severance Agreement)
or Change in Control (as defined in the Change in Control Severance
Agreement) between March 29, 1993 and March 28, 1996, Executive may
elect to receive as severance benefits either:

     (a)  severance benefits payable to Executive under Executive's
Executive Severance Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set
forth in that Agreement; or

     (b)  the base pay that would have been paid to Executive during the
remainder of the term of this Agreement calculated at Executive's rate
of base pay immediately prior to the date of termination.

                                 4

<PAGE>

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Executive elects severance benefits
under subparagraph 13.2(b), Executive's entitlement to stock grants or
options pursuant to paragraphs 5-7 of this Agreement shall be as stated
in the Stock Incentive Plan and Exhibits A-D to this Agreement.   

           13.3  If Executive's employment is terminated as a result of
a Change in Control (as defined in the Change in Control Severance
Agreement), Executive will receive only those severance benefits payable
under Executive's Change in Control Severance Agreement and shall not be
eligible for additional compensation or severance benefits under this
Agreement.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive's entitlement to
stock grants or options pursuant to paragraphs 5-7 of this Agreement
shall be as stated in the Stock Incentive Plan and Exhibits A-D to this
Agreement.

           13.4  If Executive's employment is terminated by Tektronix
for cause (as defined in the Executive Severance Agreement) or if
Executive terminates his employment for any reason, he shall be entitled
to compensation and benefits under this Agreement only to the extent
actually earned or vested (as recorded in Tektronix' records) as of the
date of termination and shall not be entitled to any severance benefits
under this Agreement.

      14.  GENERAL PROVISIONS.

           14.1  The failure of either party to this Agreement to insist
upon the performance of any of the terms and conditions hereof, or the
waiver of any breach of any of the terms and conditions hereof, shall
not be construed as thereafter waiving any such terms and conditions,
but the same shall continue and remain in full force and effect as if no
such waiver or forbearance had occurred.

           14.2  Any modification of this Agreement shall be effective
only if in writing and signed by each party or its duly authorized
representative.

           14.3  If for any reason any provision of this Agreement shall
be held invalid in whole or in part, such invalidity shall not affect
the remainder of this Agreement.

           14.4  This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with
and governed by the laws of the State of Oregon.  Any dispute or
controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement or the
breach thereof, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in Portland,
Oregon in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the
American Arbitration Association or such comparable rules as may be
agreed upon by

                                 5

<PAGE>

the parties, and judgment upon the award rendered by the
Arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

           14.5  This Agreement may be executed in two counterparts by
the parties hereto, whereupon it will become their binding agreement.

           14.6  The following documents are included as part of this
Agreement:

               Exhibit A - Stock Option Agreement 
               Exhibit B - Stock Bonus Agreement 
               Exhibit C - Stock Option Agreement 
               Exhibit D - Performance Shares Agreement 
               Exhibit E - Change in Control Severance Agreement
               Exhibit F - Executive Severance Agreement
               Exhibit G - Tektronix Employment Agreement
               Exhibit H - Schedule

           14.7  This document, including the Exhibits listed in Section
14.6 above, supersedes and replaces the Offer Letter and contains the
entire agreement between the parties with respect to any subjects
addressed in both documents.  In the event of conflict or discrepancy
between the terms and conditions described in the Offer Letter and the
terms and conditions stated herein, the provision(s) of this Agreement
shall control. 

           14.8  This Agreement is subject to, and conditioned upon,
ratification of its terms by the Organization and Compensation Committee
of the Board of Directors of Tektronix. 

TEKTRONIX, INC.

By  /s/ J.J. Meyer                      /s/ Carl W. Neun
                                                             
  Jerome J. Meyer                      Carl W. Neun
  Chief Executive Officer

    3-16-94                             3/16/94
   -------------                       --------------
   Date Signed                         Date Signed


                                 6

<PAGE>

Ratified by
ORGANIZATION AND COMPENSATION
  COMMITTEE


By:  /s/ A.V. SMITH
  Name:   A.V. Smith                      
  Title:  Chm. Comp. Committee                   

  3/16/94
- - ---------------                             
Date Signed

                                     7


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10 (XIV) - CHANGE IN CONTROL SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>  
                                               EXHIBIT E to EXHIBIT 10(xiv)


September 10, 1993


Mr. Carl W. Neun
3530 Lakeview Blvd
Lake Oswego, OR  97035 

Dear  Mr. Neun:

           Tektronix, Inc., an Oregon corporation (the "Company"), considers
the establishment and maintenance of a sound and vital management to be
essential to protecting and enhancing the best interests of the Company and
its shareholders.  In this connection, the Company recognizes that, as is
the case with many publicly held corporations, the possibility of a change
in control may exist and that such possibility, and the uncertainty and
questions which it may raise among management, may result in the departure
or distraction of management personnel to the detriment of the Company and
its shareholders.  Accordingly, the Board of Directors of the Company (the
"Board") has determined that appropriate steps should be taken to reinforce
and encourage the continued attention and dedication of members of the
Company's management to their assigned duties without distraction in
circumstances arising from the possibility of a change in control of the
Company.

           In order to induce you to accept employment with the Company and
to remain in the employ of the Company, this letter agreement, which has
been approved by the Board, sets forth the severance benefits which the
Company agrees will be provided to you in the event your employment with
the Company is terminated subsequent to a "change in control" of the
Company under the circumstances described below.

      1.   Agreement to Provide Services; Right to Terminate.

           (i)  Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (ii) below, the
Company or you may terminate your employment at any time, subject to the
Company's providing the benefits hereinafter specified in accordance with
the terms hereof.

           (ii) In the event of a tender offer or exchange offer by a Person
(as hereinafter defined) for more than 25 percent of the combined voting
power of the Company's outstanding securities ordinarily having the right
to vote at elections of directors ("Voting Securities"), including shares
of Common Stock of the Company 

                                       1

<PAGE>

(the "Company Shares"), you agree that you
will not leave the employ of the Company (other than as a result of
Disability or upon Retirement, as such terms are hereinafter defined) and
will render the services contemplated in the recitals to this Agreement
until such tender offer or exchange offer has been abandoned or terminated
or a change in control of the Company, as defined in Section 3 hereof, has
occurred.  For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Person" shall mean and
include any individual, corporation, partnership, group, association or
other "person," as such term is used in Section 14(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"), other than the Company or any
employee benefit plan(s) sponsored by the Company.

      2.   Term of Agreement.  This Agreement shall commence on the date
hereof and shall continue in effect until December 31, 1993; provided,
however, that commencing on January 1, 1994 and each January 1 thereafter,
the term of this Agreement shall automatically be extended for one
additional year unless at least 90 days prior to such January 1 date, the
Company or you shall have given notice that this Agreement shall not be
extended; and provided, further, that this Agreement shall continue in
effect for a period of twenty-four (24) months beyond the term provided
herein if a change in control of the Company, as defined in Section 3
hereof, shall have occurred during such term.  Notwithstanding anything in
this Section 2 to the contrary, this Agreement shall terminate if you or
the Company terminate your employment prior to a change in control of the
Company as defined in Section 3 hereof.  In addition, the Company may
terminate this Agreement during your employment if, prior to a change in
control of the Company as defined in Section 3 hereof, you cease to hold
your current position with the Company, except by reason of a promotion.

      3.   Change in Control.  For purposes of this Agreement, a "change in
control" of the Company shall mean a change in control of a nature that
would be required to be reported in response to Item 1(a) of the Current
Report on Form 8-K, as in effect on the date hereof, pursuant to Section 13
or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; provided that, without limitation, such a
change in control shall be deemed to have occurred at such time as (a) any
Person is or becomes the "beneficial owner" (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under
the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of 25 percent or more of the
combined voting power of the Company's Voting Securities or (b) individuals
who constitute the Board on the date hereof (the "Incumbent Board") cease
for any reason to constitute at least a majority thereof, provided that any
person becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election,
or nomination for election by the Company's shareholders, was approved by
a vote of at least a majority of the directors comprising the Incumbent
Board (either by a specific vote or by approval of the proxy statement of
the Company in which such person is named as a nominee for director,
without objection to such nomination) shall be, for purposes of this clause
(b), considered as though such person were a member of the Incumbent Board. 
Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the 

                                       2

<PAGE>

contrary, no change in control shall be deemed to have occurred 
for purposes of this Agreement by virtue of any transaction 
which results in you, or a group of Persons which includes 
you, acquiring, directly or indirectly, 25 percent or more of the
combined voting power of the Company's Voting Securities.

      4.   Termination Following Change in Control.  If any of the events
described in Section 3 hereof constituting a change in control of the
Company shall have occurred, you shall be entitled to the benefits provided
in paragraph (iii) of Section 5 hereof upon the termination of your
employment within twenty-four (24) months after such event, unless such
termination is (a) because of your death or Retirement, (b) by the Company
for Cause or Disability or (c) by you other than for Good Reason (as all
such capitalized terms are hereinafter defined).

           (i)  Disability.  Termination by the Company of your employment
based on "Disability" shall mean termination because of your absence from
your duties with the Company on a full-time basis for one hundred eighty
(180) consecutive days as a result of your incapacity due to physical or
mental illness, unless within thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination
(as hereinafter defined) is given to you following such absence you shall
have returned to the full-time performance of your duties.

           (ii) Retirement.  Termination by you or by the Company of your
employment based on "Retirement" shall mean termination on your normal
retirement date as set forth in the Company's Pension Plan (or any
successor or substitute plan or plans of the Company put into effect prior
to a change in control).

           (iii)     Cause.  Termination by the Company of your employment
for "Cause" shall mean termination upon (a) the willful and continued
failure by you to perform substantially your reasonably assigned duties
with the Company consistent with those duties assigned to you prior to the
change in control (other than any such failure resulting from your
incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after a demand for
substantial performance is delivered to you by the Chairman of the Board
or President of the Company which specifically identifies the manner in
which such executive believes that you have not substantially performed
your duties, or (b) the willful engaging by you in illegal conduct which
is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company.  For purposes of
this paragraph (iii), no act, or failure to act, on your part shall be
considered "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by you in knowing
bad faith and without reasonable belief that your action or omission was
in, or not opposed to, the best interests of the Company.  Any act, or
failure to act, based upon authority given pursuant to a resolution duly
adopted by the Board or based upon the advice of counsel for the Company
shall be conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by you
in good faith and in the best interests of the corporation. 

                                       3

<PAGE>

Notwithstanding the foregoing, you shall not be deemed to have been
terminated for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to
you a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less
than three-quarters of the entire membership of the Board at a meeting of
the Board called and held for the purpose (after reasonable notice to you
and an opportunity for you, together with your counsel, to be heard before
the Board), finding that in the good faith opinion of the Board you were
guilty of the conduct set forth above in (a) or (b) of this paragraph (iii)
and specifying the particulars thereof in detail.

           (iv) Good Reason.  Termination by you of your employment for
"Good Reason" shall mean termination based on:

                (A)  a change in your status, title, position(s) or
      responsibilities as an officer of the Company which, in your
      reasonable judgment, does not represent a promotion from your
      status, title, position(s) and responsibilities as in effect
      immediately prior to the change in control, or the assignment to
      you of any duties or responsibilities which, in your reasonable
      judgment, are inconsistent with such status, title or
      position(s), or any removal of you from or any failure to
      reappoint or reelect you to such position(s), except in
      connection with the termination of your employment for Cause,
      Disability or Retirement or as a result of your death or by you
      other than for Good Reason;

                (B)  a reduction by the Company in your base salary as
      in effect immediately prior to the change in control;

                (C)  the failure by the Company to continue in effect
      any Plan (as hereinafter defined) in which you are participating
      at the time of the change in control of the Company (or Plans
      providing you with at least substantially similar benefits) other
      than as a result of the normal expiration of any such Plan in
      accordance with its terms as in effect at the time of the change
      in control, or the taking of any action, or the failure to act,
      by the Company which would adversely affect your continued
      participation in any of such Plans on at least as favorable a
      basis to you as is the case on the date of the change in control
      or which would materially reduce your benefits in the future
      under any of such Plans or deprive you of any material benefit
      enjoyed by you at the time of the change in control;

                (D)  the failure by the Company to provide and credit
      you with the number of paid vacation days to which you are then
      entitled in accordance with the Company's normal vacation policy
      as in effect immediately prior to the change in control;

                                       4

<PAGE>
                
                (E)  the Company's requiring you to be based anywhere
      other than where your office is located immediately prior to the
      change in control except for required travel on the Company's
      business to an extent substantially consistent with the business
      travel obligations which you undertook on behalf of the Company
      prior to the change in control;

                (F)  the failure by the Company to obtain from any
      Successor (as hereinafter defined) the assent to this Agreement
      contemplated by Section 6 hereof; or

                (G)  any purported termination by the Company of your
      employment which is not effected pursuant to a Notice of
      Termination satisfying the requirements of paragraph (v) below
      (and, if applicable, paragraph (iii) above); and for purposes of
      this Agreement, no such purported termination shall be effective.

For purposes of this Agreement, "Plan" shall mean any compensation plan
such as an incentive, stock option or restricted stock plan or any employee
benefit plan such as a thrift, pension, profit sharing, medical,
disability, accident, life insurance plan or a relocation plan or policy
or any other plan, program or policy of the Company intended to benefit
employees.

           (v)  Notice of Termination.  Any purported termination by the
Company or by you following a change in control shall be communicated by
written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto.  For purposes of
this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" shall mean a notice which shall
indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon
and shall set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances
claimed to provide a basis for termination of your employment under the
provision so indicated.

           (vi) Date of Termination.  "Date of Termination" following a
change in control shall mean (a) if your employment is to be terminated for
Disability, thirty (30) days after Notice of Termination is given (provided
that you shall not have returned to the performance of your duties on a
full-time basis during such thirty (30) day period), (b) if your employment
is to be terminated by the Company for Cause, the date on which a Notice
of Termination is given, and (c) if your employment is to be terminated by
you or by the Company for any other reason, the date specified in the
Notice of Termination, which shall be a date no earlier than ninety (90)
days after the date on which a Notice of Termination is given, unless an
earlier date has been agreed to by the party receiving the Notice of
Termination either in advance of, or after, receiving such Notice of Ter-
mination.  Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if
the party receiving the Notice of Termination has not previously agreed to
the termination, then within 

                                       5

<PAGE>

thirty (30) days after any Notice of Termination is given, 
the party receiving such Notice of Termination may notify 
the other party that a dispute exists concerning the termination,
in which event the Date of Termination shall be the date set either by
mutual written agreement of the parties or by the arbitrators in a
proceeding as provided in Section 13 hereof.

      5.   Compensation Upon Termination or During Disability.

           (i)  During any period following a change in control that you
fail to perform your duties as a result of incapacity due to physical or
mental illness, you shall continue to receive your full base salary at the
rate then in effect and any benefits or awards under any Plans shall
continue to accrue during such period, to the extent not inconsistent with
such Plans, until your employment is terminated pursuant to and in accord-
ance with paragraphs 4(i) and 4(vi) hereof.  Thereafter, your benefits
shall be determined in accordance with the Plans then in effect.

           (ii) If your employment shall be terminated for Cause following
a change in control of the Company, the Company shall pay you your full
base salary through the Date of Termination at the rate in effect just
prior to the time a Notice of Termination is given plus any benefits or
awards (including both the cash and stock components) which pursuant to the
terms of any Plans have been earned or become payable, but which have not
yet been paid to you.  Thereupon the Company shall have no further
obligations to you under this Agreement.

           (iii)     If, within twenty-four (24) months after a change in
control of the Company shall have occurred, as defined in Section 3 above,
your employment by the Company shall be terminated (a) by the Company other
than for Cause, Disability or Retirement or (b) by you for Good Reason
based on an event occurring concurrent with or subsequent to a change of
control, then, by no later than the fifth day following the Date of
Termination (except as otherwise provided), you shall be entitled, without
regard to any contrary provisions of any Plan, to a severance benefit (the
"Severance Benefit") consisting of the Specified Benefits (as defined below
in this Section 5(iii)) unless you would receive a greater after-tax
benefit from the Capped Benefit (as defined in the next sentence), in which
case the Severance Benefit shall be the Capped Benefit.  The Capped Benefit
is the Specified Benefits, reduced by the amount necessary to prevent any
portion of the Specified Benefits from being "parachute payments" as
defined in section 280G(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended ("IRC"), or any successor provision.  For purposes of determining
whether you would receive a greater after-tax benefit from the Capped
Benefit than from the Specified Benefits, there shall be taken into account
all payments and benefits you will receive upon a change in control of the
Company, including accelerated vesting of options, stock bonuses and other
awards under the Company's stock option and stock incentive plans
(collectively, excluding the Severance Benefit, the "Change of Control

                                       6

<PAGE>

Payments").  To determine whether your after-tax benefit from the Capped
Benefit would be greater than your after-tax benefit from the Specified
Benefits, there shall be subtracted from the sum of the before-tax
Severance Benefit and the Change of Control Payments (including the
monetary value of any non-cash benefits) any excise tax that would be
imposed under IRC Section 4999 and all federal, state and local taxes required
to be paid by you in respect of the receipt of such payments, assuming that
such payments would be taxed at the highest marginal rate applicable to
individuals in the year in which the Severance Benefit is to be paid or
such lower rate as you advise the Company in writing is applicable to you. 
The Specified Benefits are as follows:

           (A)  the Company shall pay your full base salary through the Date
      of Termination at the rate in effect just prior to the time a Notice
      of Termination is given plus any benefits or awards (including both
      cash and stock components) which pursuant to the terms of any Plans
      have been earned or become payable, but which have not yet been paid
      to you (including amounts which previously had been deferred at your
      request);

           (B)  as severance pay and in lieu of any further salary for
      periods subsequent to the Date of Termination, the Company shall pay
      to you in a single payment an amount in cash equal to three times your
      annual base salary at the rate in effect just prior to the time a
      Notice of Termination is given;

           (C)  the Company shall maintain in full force and effect, for the
      continued benefit of you and your dependents for a period terminating
      on the earliest of (a) two years after the Date of Termination or
      (b) the commencement date of equivalent benefits from a new employer
      all life, accidental death, medical and dental insurance plans or
      programs in which you were entitled to participate immediately prior
      to the Date of Termination, provided that your continued participation
      is possible under the general terms and provisions of such Plans and
      you continue to pay an amount equal to your regular contribution for
      such participation, if any.  If, at the end of two years after the
      Termination Date you have not previously received or are not then
      receiving equivalent benefits from a new employer, the Company shall
      arrange, at its sole cost and expense, to enable you to convert you
      and your dependents' coverage under such Plans to individual policies
      or programs upon the same terms as employees of the Company may apply
      for such conversions.  In the event that your participation in any
      such Plan is barred, the Company, at its sole cost and expense, shall
      arrange to have issued for the benefit of you and your dependents
      individual policies of insurance providing benefits substantially
      similar (on an after-tax basis) to those which you otherwise would
      have been entitled to receive under such Plans pursuant to this
      paragraph (C) or, if such insurance is not avail-

                                       7

<PAGE>

      able at a reasonable  cost to the Company, the Company shall 
      otherwise provide you and your dependents equivalent 
      benefits (on an after-tax basis).  You shall not be required 
      to pay any premiums or other charges in an amount greater
      than that which you would have paid in order to participate in such
      Plans.

           (D)  the Company shall pay you for any vacation time earned but
      not taken at the Date of Termination, at an hourly rate equal to your
      annual base salary as in effect immediately prior to the time a Notice
      of Termination is given divided by 2080;

           (E)  you shall be entitled to purchase from the Company at the
      Company's cost less accumulated depreciation any Company-owned
      automobile which had been designated for your use prior to the time a
      Notice of Termination is given;

           (F)  the Company shall reimburse you for costs you incur at any
      time during the first twelve (12) months following the Date of
      Termination in a single move anywhere in the continental United
      States; moving to include packing, shipping, insurance (valuation not
      to exceed $150,000) and temporary storage (not to exceed six months)
      for up to 20,000 pounds of household goods;

           (G)  the Company shall purchase your residence (which shall mean
      a dwelling owned by you in which you resided at the time a Notice of
      Termination is given) or shall assist you in the sale of your
      residence as follows:

                (i)  The Company will purchase your residence
           subject to the terms hereof.  Within ninety (90) days
           following the Date of Termination you may request
           determination of a purchase price of your residence by
           written notice to the Company.  You and the Company
           shall each select a qualified and recognized appraiser
           with appropriate professional designation within ten
           (10) days of receipt of the notice by the Company.  If
           the higher of the two appraisals rendered by the
           designated appraisers does not exceed 105 percent of
           the lower of the two appraisals, the purchase price of
           the residence shall equal the average of the two
           appraisals.  If the higher appraisal exceeds 105
           percent of the lower appraisal, a third appraiser shall
           be selected jointly by you and the Company, and the
           purchase price of the residence shall equal the average
           of the two closest 
           
                                       8

<PAGE>

           appraisals.  The Company shall give you written notice 
           of the purchase price upon its determination, 
           and shall immediately purchase your residence 
           at the determined purchase price if you
           submit a written request for purchase to the Company
           within the sixty (60) day period following the date of
           receipt of notice of the purchase price.  If you do not
           submit a written request for purchase within the 60-day
           period, the Company's obligation to purchase your
           residence will expire.

                (ii) Upon receiving notice of the purchase price
           determined under (i) above, you may attempt to sell
           your residence yourself.

                (iii)     If you sell your residence to the
           Company or sell it yourself within the 60-day period
           following the date on which notice is received, the
           Company will reimburse you for costs you incurred
           incident to the sale, including:  reimbursement of
           actual brokerage fees up to a maximum of seven percent
           of the selling price; mortgage prepayment penalty fees,
           if any; state and county transfer taxes normally paid
           by the seller; owners' title insurance charges normally
           paid by the seller; and revenue stamp and appraisal
           fees, if any.  Evidence of these expenses must be
           submitted to the Company for approval and supported by
           copies of all closing papers.  The income tax
           consequences of such reimbursements will be your
           responsibility.  The Company shall have no obligation
           to reimburse you for costs incident to sale of your
           residence if you have entered into an exclusive listing
           commitment with respect to sale of the residence and
           the commitment extends beyond the 60-day period
           following the date you receive notice of the purchase
           price unless approval of the Company for such longer
           commitment period has been obtained.

                (iv) If you decide to rent or lease your residence
           the Company shall not be obligated to purchase it nor
           to reimburse you for costs incident to any subsequent
           sale.

           (iv) Except as specifically provided above, the amount of any
payment provided for in this Section 5 shall not reduced, offset or subject
to recovery by the Company by reason of any compensation earned by you as
the result of employment by another employer after the Date of Termination,
or 
                                       9

<PAGE>
                
otherwise.  Your entitlements under subparagraph (5)(iii) are in
addition to, and not in lieu of, any rights, benefits or entitlements you
may have under the terms or provisions of any Plan.

      6.   Successors; Binding Agreement.

           (i)  Upon your written request, the Company will seek to have any
Successor (as hereinafter defined), by agreement in form and substance
satisfactory to you, assent to the fulfillment by the Company of its
obligations under this Agreement.  Failure of the Company to obtain such
assent prior to or at the time a Person becomes a Successor shall
constitute Good Reason for termination by you of your employment and, if
a change in control of the Company has occurred, shall entitle you immedi-
ately to the benefits provided in paragraph (iii) of Section 5 hereof upon
delivery by you of a Notice of Termination which the Company, by executing
this Agreement, hereby assents to.  For purposes of this Agreement,
"Successor" shall mean any Person that succeeds to, or has the practical
ability to control (either immediately or with the passage of time), the
Company's business directly, by merger or consolidation, or indirectly, by
purchase of the Company's Voting Securities or otherwise.

           (ii) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
enforceable by your personal or legal representatives, executors,
administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees. 
If you should die while any amount would still be payable to you hereunder
if you had continued to live, all such amounts, unless otherwise provided
herein, shall be paid in accordance with the terms of this Agreement to
your devisee, legatee or other designee or, if there be no such designee,
to your estate.

      7.   Employee's Commitment.  You agree that subsequent to your period
of employment with the Company, you will not at any time communicate or
disclose to any unauthorized person, without the written consent of the
Company, any proprietary processes of the Company or any subsidiary or
other confidential information concerning their business, affairs,
products, suppliers or customers which, if disclosed, would have a material
adverse effect upon the business or operations of the Company and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole; it being understood, however, that the
obligations of this Section 7 shall not apply to the extent that the
aforesaid matters (a) are disclosed in circumstances where you are legally
required to do so or (b) become generally known to and available for use
by the public otherwise than by your wrongful act or omission.

      8.   Fees and Expenses.  The Company shall pay all legal fees and
related expenses incurred by you as a result of (i) your termination
following a change in control of the Company (including all such fees and
expenses, if any, incurred in 

                                      10

<PAGE>

contesting or disputing any such termination) or (ii) your 
seeking to obtain or enforce any right or benefit provided by
this Agreement.

      9.   Survival.  The respective obligations of, and benefits afforded
to, the Company and you as provided in Sections 5, 6(ii), 7, 8 and 13 of
this Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement.

      10.  Notice.  For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all
other communications provided for in the Agreement shall be in writing and
shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered or mailed by United
States registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and
addressed, in the case of the Company, to the address set forth on the
first page of this Agreement or, in the case of the undersigned employee,
to the address set forth below his signature, provided that all notices to
the Company shall be directed to the attention of the Chairman of the Board
or President of the Company, with a copy to the Secretary of the Company,
or to such other address as either party may have furnished to the other
in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address
shall be effective only upon receipt.

      11.  Miscellaneous.  No provision of this Agreement may be modified,
waived or discharged unless such modification, waiver or discharge is
agreed to in a writing signed by you and the Chairman of the Board or
President of the Company.  No waiver by either party hereto at any time of
any breach by the other party hereto of, or of compliance with, any
condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other
party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or
conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time.  No agreements
or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to
the subject matter hereof have been made by either party which are not
expressly set forth in this Agreement.  The validity, interpretation,
construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the
laws of the State of Oregon.

      12.  Validity.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of
this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other
provision of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect.

      13.  Arbitration.  Any dispute or controversy arising under or in
connection with this Agreement shall be settled exclusively by arbitration
in Portland, Oregon by three arbitrators in accordance with the rules of
the American Arbitration Association then in effect.  Judgment may be
entered on the arbitrators' award in any court having jurisdiction;
provided, however, that you shall be entitled to seek specific performance
of your right to be paid until the Date of Termination during the pendency
of any dispute or controversy arising under or 

                                      11

<PAGE>

in connection with this Agreement.  The Company shall bear all costs 
and expenses arising in connection with any arbitration proceeding 
pursuant to this Section 13.

      14.  Related Agreements.  To the extent that any provision of any
other agreement between the Company or any of its subsidiaries and you
shall limit, qualify or be inconsistent with any provision of this
Agreement, then for purposes of this Agreement, while the same shall remain
in force, the provision of this Agreement shall control and such provision
of such other agreement shall be deemed to have been superseded, and to be
of no force or effect, as if such other agreement had been formally amended
to the extent necessary to accomplish such purpose.

      15.  Counterparts.  This Agreement may be executed in several
counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of
which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

           If this letter correctly sets forth our agreement on the subject
matter hereof, kindly sign and return to the Company the enclosed copy of
this letter which will then constitute our agreement on this subject.

Agreed to this  10th day       Sincerely,

of  September, 1993            Tektronix, Inc.


/s/ Carl W. Neun               By:  /s/ J.J. Meyer   
- - --------------------           -------------------------           
Carl W. Neun                   Jerome J. Meyer 
                               Chairman and Chief Executive Officer


                                      12
                                        

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10 (XIV) - EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                               EXHIBIT F TO EXHIBIT-10(xiv)


                        EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

                                September 22, 1993


Carl W. Neun
350 Lakeview Boulevard
Lake Oswego, OR 97034                                                 EXECUTIVE

TEKTRONIX, INC.,
an Oregon corporation
P.O. Box 1000
Wilsonville, Oregon                                                   TEKTRONIX


Tektronix considers the establishment and maintenance of a sound and vital
management to be essential to protecting and enhancing the best interests of
Tektronix and its shareholders.  In order to induce Executive to remain 
employed by Tektronix in the face of uncertainties about the long-term 
strategies of Tektronix and their potential impact on the scope and nature of 
Executive's position with Tektronix, this Agreement, which has been approved 
by the Organization and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of 
Tektronix, sets forth the severance benefits that Tektronix will provide to 
Executive in the event Executive's employment by Tektronix is terminated under 
the circumstances described in this Agreement.

1.   EMPLOYMENT RELATIONSHIP.  Executive is currently employed by Tektronix as 
     Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  Executive and Tektronix 
     acknowledge that either party may terminate this employment relationship 
     at any time and for any reason, subject to the obligation of Tektronix to 
     provide the benefits specified in this Agreement in accordance with the 
     terms hereof.

2.   RELEASE OF CLAIMS.  In consideration for the severance benefits outlined 
     in this Agreement, Executive agrees to execute a Release of Claims in the 
     form attached as Exhibit A ("Release of Claims").  Executive promises to 
     execute and deliver the Release of Claims to Tektronix within the later of 
     forty-five (45) days from the date Executive receives the Release of 
     Claims or on the last day of Executive's active employment. 

3.   COMPENSATION UPON TERMINATION.  In the event that Executive's employment 
     is terminated at any time by Tektronix other than for Cause (as defined in 
     Section 6.1 of this Agreement), death, or Disability (as defined in 
     Section 6.2 of this Agreement), subject to Executive's execution of a 
     Release of Claims, Executive shall be entitled to the following benefits:

                                       1

<PAGE>                                                               

     3.1  As severance pay and in lieu of any further pay for periods 
          subsequent to the date of termination, Tektronix shall pay
          Executive, in a single payment within the later of forty-five (45)
          days after termination of employment or eight days after execution
          of the Release of Claims, an amount in cash equal to Executive's 
          annual base pay at the rate in effect immediately prior to the date 
          of termination, or, if greater, an amount in cash equal to 
          Executive's average annual base pay for the three years ending with 
          Executive's last pay change preceding termination.

     3.2  Executive is entitled to extend coverage under any group health plan 
          in which Executive and Executive's dependents are enrolled at the 
          time of termination of employment under the COBRA continuation laws 
          for the 18-month statutory period, or so long as Executive remains 
          eligible under COBRA.

          Tektronix will pay Executive a lump sum payment in an amount 
          equivalent to the reasonably estimated cost Executive may incur to 
          extend for a period of eighteen (18) months under the COBRA 
          continuation laws Executive's group health and dental plan coverage 
          in effect at the time of termination.  Executive may use this 
          payment, as well as any payment made under 3.1, for such COBRA 
          continuation coverage or for any other purpose. 

     3.3  Except as provided in Section 5.2, Executive shall be entitled to a
          portion of the benefits under any incentive plans in effect at the 
          time of termination (including the Results Sharing Plan and the 
          Annual Performance Improvement Plan), prorated for the portion of 
          the plan year during which Executive was a participant.  For purposes 
          of this Agreement, Executive's participation in the Annual 
          Performance Improvement Plan will be considered to have ended on 
          Executive's last day of active employment.  Prorated awards shall 
          not be due and payable by Tektronix to Executive until the date that 
          all awards are paid after the close of the incentive period.  Unless 
          the applicable plan provides for a greater payment for a participant 
          whose employment terminates prior to the end of an incentive period 
          (in which case the applicable plan payment shall be made), the 
          proration shall be calculated pursuant to this Section 3.3.  The 
          payment, if any, that would have been made under Executive's award 
          had Executive been made a participant for the full incentive period 
          shall be calculated at the end of the incentive period.  Such amount 
          shall be divided by the total number of days in the incentive period 
          and the result multiplied by the actual number of days Executive 
          participated in the plan.

                                       2

<PAGE>

     3.4  Tektronix will pay up to $12,500 to a third party outplacement firm
          selected by Executive to provide career counseling assistance to 
          Executive for a period of one (1) year following Executive's 
          termination date. 

     3.5  Tektronix will permit Executive to continue to participate in its 
          Executive Financial Counseling Program through the remainder of the 
          term of Executive's current participation (which shall in no case be 
          longer than one (1) year after the effective date of Executive's 
          termination).

4.   SUBSEQUENT EMPLOYMENT.  The amount of any payment provided for in this 
     Agreement shall not be reduced, offset or subject to recovery by Tektronix 
     by reason of any compensation earned by Executive as the result of 
     employment by another employer after termination.

5.   OTHER AGREEMENTS.

     5.1  In the event that severance benefits are payable to Executive under 
          any other agreement with Tektronix in effect at the time of 
          termination (including but not limited to any change of control, 
          "golden parachute" or employment agreement, but excluding for this 
          purpose any stock option agreement or stock bonus agreement or stock 
          appreciation right agreement that may provide for accelerated vesting 
          or related benefits upon the occurrence of a change in control), the 
          benefits provided in this Agreement shall not be payable to 
          Executive.  Executive may, however, elect to receive all of the 
          benefits provided for in this Agreement in lieu of all of the 
          benefits provided in all such other agreements.  Any such election 
          shall be made with respect to the agreements as a whole, and 
          Executive cannot select some benefits from one agreement and other
          benefits from this Agreement.

     5.2  The vesting or accrual of stock options, restricted stock, stock 
          bonuses, or any other stock awards shall not continue following 
          termination.   Any agreements between Executive and Tektronix that 
          relate to stock awards (including but not limited to stock options, 
          long term incentive program, stock bonuses and restricted stock) 
          shall be governed by such agreements and shall not be affected by 
          this Agreement.

6.   DEFINITIONS.

     6.1  CAUSE.  Termination by Tektronix of Executive's employment for "
          Cause" shall mean termination upon (a) the willful and continued 
          failure by Executive to perform substantially Executive's reasonably 
          assigned duties with Tektronix (other than any such failure resulting 
          from Executive's incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after 
          a demand for 
                                         
                                       3

<PAGE>

          substantial performance is delivered to Executive by the Chairman of 
          the Board of Directors or the President of Tektronix which 
          specifically identifies the manner in which such executive believes 
          that Executive has not substantially performed Executive's duties, 
          or (b) the willful engaging by Executive in illegal conduct which is 
          materially and demonstrably injurious to Tektronix.  For purposes of 
          this Section 6.1, no act, or failure to act, on Executive's part 
          shall be considered "willful" unless done, or omitted to be done, by 
          Executive in knowing bad faith and without reasonable belief that 
          Executive's action or omission was in, or not opposed to, the best 
          interests of Tektronix. Any act, or failure to act, based upon 
          authority given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board of 
          Directors or based upon the advice of counsel for Tektronix shall be 
          conclusively presumed to be done, or omitted to be done, by Executive 
          in good faith and in the best interests of Tektronix.

     6.2  DISABILITY.  Termination by Tektronix of Executive's employment based
          on "Disability" shall mean termination because of Executive's absence
          from Executive's duties with Tektronix on a full-time basis for one
          hundred eighty (180) consecutive days as a result of Executive's
          incapacity due to physical or mental illness, unless within thirty 
          (30) days after notice of termination by Tektronix following such 
          absence Executive shall have returned to the full-time performance of 
          Executive's duties.

7.   SUCCESSORS; BINDING AGREEMENT.

     7.1  This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of 
          Tektronix and its successors and assigns.

     7.2  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by
          Executive and Executive's legal representatives, executors, 
          administrators and heirs.

8.   RESIGNATION OF CORPORATE OFFICES.  Executive will resign Executive's 
     office, if any, as a director, officer or trustee of Tektronix, its 
     subsidiaries or affiliates, effective as of the date of termination of 
     employment.  Executive agrees to provide Tektronix such written 
     resignation(s) upon request.

9.   GOVERNING LAW, ARBITRATION.  This Agreement shall be construed in 
     accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Oregon.  Any 
     dispute or controversy arising under or in connection with this Agreement 
     or the breach thereof, shall be settled exclusively by arbitration in 
     Portland, Oregon in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of 
     the American Arbitration 
     
                                       4

<PAGE>  
                                                                     
     Association, and judgment upon the award rendered by the Arbitrator may be 
     entered in any Court having jurisdiction thereof.

10.  FEES AND EXPENSES.  In the event that Executive initiates arbitration 
     under the circumstances described in this Agreement to obtain or enforce 
     any right or benefit provided by this Agreement and the arbitrator 
     determines that Executive is the prevailing party, Executive shall be 
     permitted to recover Executive's reasonable attorneys' fees and costs 
     incurred in connection with such proceeding.  In the event that the 
     arbitrator determines that Tektronix is the prevailing party, each party 
     shall bear its own attorneys' fees and costs incurred in connection with 
     such proceeding.

11.  AMENDMENT.  No provision of this Agreement may be modified unless such
     modification is agreed to in a writing signed by Executive and Tektronix.



TEKTRONIX, INC.                                         
                                                  
                                                  
                                                  
By:  /s/ J. J. Meyer                            /s/ Carl W. Neun
______________________                          _________________
                                                Carl W. Neun
Title: Chairman & CEO                                    

                                       5

<PAGE>
                                                                     

                                   Exhibit A

                                RELEASE OF CLAIMS


This Release of Claims (the "Release") is made and executed by _______________-
________________ in connection with the termination of my employment with
Tektronix, Inc. ("Tektronix") and in consideration of my receiving valuable 
severance pay and benefits as provided for in the Executive Severance Agreement
("Agreement").  These benefits are substantial consideration to which I am not
otherwise entitled.

On behalf of myself and my spouse, heirs, administrators and assigns, I hereby
release Tektronix, its parent and related corporations, affiliates, or joint
venturers and all officers, directors, employees, agents, and insurers of the
aforementioned (collectively the "Company") from any and all liability, damages
or causes of action, whether known or unknown relating to my employment with 
the Company or the termination of that employment, including but not limited to 
any claims for additional compensation in any form, or damages.  This 
specifically includes, but is not limited to, all claims for relief or remedy 
under any state or federal laws, including but not limited to Title VII of the 
Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Post-Civil War Civil Rights Acts (42 USC Sections 
1981-1988), the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Equal Pay Act, the Age 
Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act, 
the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the Worker Adjustment and Retraining 
Notification Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, the Vietnam Era Veterans' 
Readjustment Assistance Act, the Fair Labor Standards Act, Executive Order 
11246, all as amended, and the civil rights, employment and labor laws of the 
state of any state or the United States. 

This Release shall not affect any rights which I may have under any medical
insurance, disability, workers' compensation, unemployment compensation or
retirement plans maintained by the Company.

I acknowledge that I have been given at least 45 days to consider whether to
execute this Release of Claims and accept benefits under the Program; that I 
have been advised of my right to consult with an attorney or financial advisor 
of my choice and at my own expense; that the Agreement gives me severance pay 
and benefits which the Company would otherwise have no obligation to give me; 
and that I voluntarily enter into the Release of Claims.

I understand that the Release of Claims is to be signed within 45 days from the
date I received it or on my last day of employment, whichever is later, and 
that I may revoke the Release of Claims, provided I do so in writing within 
seven (7) days of signing the Release.  I understand and agree that the Company 
will have no obligation to pay me any benefits under the Agreement until the 
expiration of the revocation 

                                       6

<PAGE>
                                                                     
period, provided I have not revoked the Release of Claims.  I understand that 
if I revoke the Release of Claims my termination will nonetheless remain in 
full force and effect and I will not be entitled to any benefits under the 
Agreement.

I acknowledge that I have had time to consider the alternatives and 
consequences of my election to receive benefits under the Agreement and of 
signing the Release; that I am aware of my right to consult an attorney or 
financial advisor at my own expense; and that, in consideration for executing 
this Release and my election to receive benefits under the Agreement, I have 
received additional benefits and compensation of value to which I would not 
otherwise be entitled.

I HAVE READ THE FOREGOING RELEASE.  I UNDERSTAND THE EFFECT OF THIS RELEASE AND
I VOLUNTARILY ENTER INTO IT AT THIS TIME.

Every provision of this Release is intended to be severable.  In the event any
term or provision contained in this Release is determined to be illegal, 
invalid or unenforceable, such illegality, invalidity or unenforceability shall 
not affect the other terms and provisions of this Release which shall continue 
in full force and effect.

Dated: __________________, 1993

____________________________
Employee Name 

____________________________
Employee Signature

                                       7

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10 (XIV) - SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                                 EXHIBIT G TO EXHIBIT 10(xiv)
       
                 
                       SERP Agreement for Mr. Neun

Mr. Neun's employment offer letter provides him with a Supplemental Executive
Retirement Plan (SERP) that when combined with his benefits from the Tektronix
Pension Plan provides retirement income equal to 55% of Final Average Pay at
age 62.  The SERP defines Final Average Pay (FAP) as the annual average of the
five consecutive years preceding retirement or termination.  Annual
compensation is defined as Base Pay, Results Sharing and Annual Incentive
Compensation (to include any amounts deferred).  The following table
represents the percentage of the SERP plus Pension Plan benefit:

                                                SERP Plus Pension
        Age             Years of Service        Plan Percent          
        ___             ________________        ___________________

        50                      1                    Unvested
        51                      2                    Unvested
        52                      3                    Unvested
        53                      4                    Unvested
        54                      5                    Unvested
        55                      6                     35.00%
        56                      7                     37.86%
        57                      8                     40.71%
        58                      9                     43.57%
        59                     10                     46.43%
        60                     11                     49.29%
        61                     12                     52.14%
        62 and after           13                     55.00%

The SERP Percent is the combined SERP and Pension Plan benefit that Mr. Neun
will have vested at the beginning of the Service Year.

In the event that Mr. Neun is vested and retires or terminates from Tektronix,
including at any time prior to age 62, he may begin receiving at any time,
upon reasonable notice to Tektronix, the retirement benefits from the SERP and
the Tektronix Pension Plan in the aggregate benefit amount shown above as
vested on the effective date of his retirement or termination from Tektronix.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10 (XIV) - TEKTRONIX EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>
                                               EXHIBIT H TO EXHIBIT 10(xiv)
             

                        ______________________________                        

                        TEKTRONIX EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT
                        ______________________________

I understand and agree to the following during my employment with Tektronix, 
Inc. (together with its subsidiaries referred to herein as "Tektronix") and 
after its termination:

     (1)  I will not make any unauthorized use or disclosure of any 
          confidential information about Tektronix, its products, customers or 
          suppliers.

     (2)  I will promptly disclose to Tektronix any inventions, software or 
          mask works which I, whether by myself or with others, may develop 
          during my employment and for six months after termination from 
          Tektronix that relate to Tektronix activities or that result from 
          work performed for Tektronix or from the use of Tektronix equipment, 
          supplies, facilities or confidential information.

     (3)  I agree to assign, and hereby do assign, to Tektronix any inventions,
          software or mask works covered by paragraph 2 above, and I will give
          all assistance requested by Tektronix at any time to obtain or 
          protect its interests in patents, software, mask works or inventions 
          upon which I have worked in connection with my employment.

     (4)  I will not directly or indirectly ship, transmit, or release in any
          manner outside the United States or to a non-U.S. national at any 
          time during or after my employment  by Tektronix any confidential
          information, including technical data acquired or developed during my
          employment or the direct product of such technical data without both
          the prior authorization of Tektronix and any required U.S. government
          license, authorization or approval.

     (5)  I understand that my employment is for an indefinite period of time 
          and may be terminated at any time and for any reason (with or without
          cause) by either me or Tektronix.

This agreement replaces any prior "Employment Agreement" I have signed with
Tektronix.  It is to be interpreted in accordance with any limitations on
assignment of inventions by applicable laws in the states in which it is to be
enforced.  This agreement may not otherwise be modified except by written
agreement signed by an officer of Tektronix, Inc.

                        ___________________________________
                        
                        Signed:  /s/ Carl W. Neun
                        Print or Type Name:  Carl W. Neun
                        Social Security Number: ###-##-####
                        Date:  3/30/93
                        ___________________________________



000-9208-00                                                    Revised 1/15/91

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.16
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>EX-10 (XVI) - NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS' DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>  
                                                            EXHIBIT 10(xvi)


                                TEKTRONIX

            NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS' DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

                              March 17, 1994




TEKTRONIX, INC.
AN OREGON CORPORATION
PO BOX 1000
WILSONVILLE, OREGON  97070                                        TEKTRONIX





<PAGE>

                              TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                       PAGE

1.   Plan Administration                                                  1

2.   Deferral Election                                                    1

3.   Deferred Compensation Account                                        2

4.   Time and Manner of Payment                                           3

5.   Death                                                                4

6.   Termination; Amendment                                               4

7.   Claims Procedure                                                     5

8.   General Provisions                                                   5

9.   Effective Date                                                       6

                                      i

<PAGE>

                                  TEKTRONIX

            NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS' DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

                                March 17, 1994


Tektronix, Inc.
an Oregon corporation
PO Box 1000
Wilsonville, Oregon  97070                                        Tektronix


     Members of the Tektronix Board of Directors who are not employees
of Tektronix or an affiliate (Non-Employee Directors) are paid annual
retainers and meeting fees, in cash, for service as directors of the
company (Directors' Fees).

     In order to provide greater incentives for qualified persons to
serve as Non-Employee Directors, Tektronix adopts this plan to allow the
Non-Employee Director to elect from time to time to defer receipt of
Directors' Fees.

     1.   PLAN ADMINISTRATION

          The Chief Executive Officer of Tektronix or delegate shall
appoint one or more employees of Tektronix as Administrator of the plan.
The Administrator shall interpret and administer the plan and for that
purpose may make, amend or revoke rules and regulations at any time.

     2.   DEFERRAL ELECTION

          2.1  A Non-Employee Director may elect as provided below to
defer all or a specified part of the Directors' Fees payable to the
Director.  An election shall be in writing on a form provided by the
Administrator and shall specify the time and manner of payment of the
deferred amounts in accordance with other provisions of this plan.

          2.2  An election under 2.1 shall be effective as follows:

                (a) Except as provided in (b) and 2.3, an election
received by the Administrator on or before December 20 of any year shall
be effective for fees payable for succeeding calendar years.

<PAGE>

                (b) An initial election shall be effective for all fees
payable after it is received if that occurs within 30 days after notice
to a Director of whichever of the following is applicable:

                    (1)  Adoption of this plan.

                    (2)  Commencement of the Director's eligibility to
participate in this plan.

          2.3  An election shall continue in effect through the year in
which the Director terminates it in writing or changes the amount
deferred by submitting a new election. Such a notice or new election
received on or before December 20 of any year shall be effective for
succeeding calendar years and shall not affect fees deferred under the
prior election.

          2.4  Tektronix may withhold from any deferral or from
nondeferred fees payable at the same time any amounts required by
applicable law and regulations.

     3.   DEFERRED COMPENSATION ACCOUNT

          3.1  Tektronix shall credit to a Director's deferred
compensation account (the Account) each amount deferred by the Director
under this plan. The Account shall be credited as of the day a deferred
fee would otherwise have been paid to the Director.

          3.2  Until full payment of a Director's Account has been made
to the Director or beneficiaries under this plan, Tektronix shall credit
interest to the Account as follows:

                (a) The interest rate for each calendar quarter shall
be the yield to maturity of the most recent 10 year U.S. Treasury Notes
as of the close of the quarter.

                (b) Interest on undistributed balances shall accrue
from the date deferrals are credited under 3.1 until the last
installment is paid.

                (c) Interest shall be added to principal during the
deferral period as of the last day of each calendar quarter. Installment
payments shall be calculated by dividing the adjusted principal by the
number of installments to be paid. 

                                      2

<PAGE>

Interest during the payment period shall be added to the second and 
subsequent installments of principal.

          3.3  Each Director's account shall be maintained on the books
of Tektronix until full payment has been made to the Director or
beneficiaries under this plan. No funds shall be set aside or earmarked
for the Account, which shall be purely a bookkeeping device.

     4.   TIME AND MANNER OF PAYMENT

          4.1  Subject to 4.5 and 5.1 the Account shall be paid or
payment commenced in the next January after one of the following Payment
Dates as selected under 4.3:

                (a) The date the Director's service on the Tektronix
Board ends.

                (b) The date the Director reaches age 65 or a later age
specified by the Director in the selection under 4.3.

                (c) The date that the criteria in both (a) and (b) have
been met.

         4.2  Subject to 4.5 and 5.1 the Account shall be paid in one of
the following ways as selected under 4.3:

                (a) In a single lump sum.

                (b) In not more than five substantially equal annual
installments of principal plus interest.

          4.3  The time and manner of payment under 4.1 and 4.2 shall be
selected by the Director as follows:

                (a) The selection shall be made in the deferral
election.

                (b) The selection shall be irrevocable for the portion
of the Account attributable to amounts deferred under the election in
which the selection is made.

                                      3

<PAGE>

                (c) If the time or method of payment is different under
different elections, the Account shall be appropriately divided for
distribution.

          4.4  Tektronix may withhold from any payments any income tax
or other amounts as required by law.

          4.5  If a Director has elected to defer payment of an amount,
the Administrator may in its discretion make or commence payments
earlier than the deferred date if, on application by the Director, the
Administrator finds that financial hardship exists because of illness,
accident, disability or other unexpected event creating a financial
need.

     5.   DEATH

          5.1  A Director's account shall be payable under 5.2 on the
Director's death regardless of the provisions of 4 above.

          5.2  On death of a Director the Account shall be paid in a
single lump sum within 30 days after death in the following order of
priority:

                (a) To the surviving beneficiaries designated by the
Director in writing to the Administrator.

                (b) To the Director's surviving spouse.

                (c) To the Director's estate.

     6.   TERMINATION; AMENDMENT

          6.1  Tektronix may terminate this plan effective the first day
of any year after notice to the Non-Employee Directors.  On termination,
amounts in an Account shall remain to the credit of the Account, shall
continue to be credited with interest and shall be paid out in
accordance with 3 and 4 above.

          6.2  Tektronix may amend this plan effective the first day of
any calendar year after notice to the Non-Employee Directors.

          6.3  If the Internal Revenue Service rules that any amounts
deferred under this plan will be subject to current income tax, all
amounts to which the ruling is applicable shall be paid within 30 days
to the Directors with Accounts.

                                      4

<PAGE>

     7.   CLAIMS PROCEDURE

          7.1  Any person claiming a benefit, requesting an
interpretation or ruling under the plan, or requesting information under
the plan shall present the request in writing to the Administrator, who
shall respond in writing as soon as practicable.

          7.2  If the claim or request is denied, the written notice of
denial shall state the following:

                (a) The reasons for denial, with specific reference to
the plan provisions on which the denial is based.

                (b) A description of any additional material or
information required and an explanation of why it is necessary.

                (c) An explanation of the plan's review procedure.

          7.3  The initial notice of denial shall normally be given
within 90 days after receipt of the claim. If special circumstances
require an extension of time, the claimant shall be so notified and the
time limited shall be 180 days.

          7.4  Any person whose claim or request is denied or who has
not received a response within 30 days may request review by notice in
writing to the Administrator. The original decision shall be reviewed by
the Administrator which may, but shall not be required to, grant the
claimant a hearing. On review, whether or not there is a hearing, the
claimant may have representation, examine pertinent documents and submit
issues and comments in writing.

          7.5  The decision on review shall ordinarily be made within 60
days. If an extension of time is required for a hearing or other special
circumstances, the claimant shall be so notified and the time limit
shall be 120 days. The decision shall be in writing and shall state the
reasons and the relevant plan provisions.  All decisions on review shall
be final and bind all parties concerned.

     8.   GENERAL PROVISIONS

          8.1  All amounts of deferred compensation under this plan
shall remain at all times the unrestricted assets of Tektronix and the
promise to pay the deferred amounts shall at all times remain unfunded
as to the Directors. The rights of Directors and beneficiaries under the
plan shall only be as general creditors of Tektronix.

                                      5

<PAGE>

          8.2  Any notice under this plan shall be in writing or by
electronic means and shall be received when actually delivered or, if
mailed, when deposited postpaid as first class mail. Mail should be
directed to Tektronix at the address stated in this plan, to a Director
at the address stated in the Director's election or to such other
address as either party may specify by notice to the other party.

          8.3  The interests of a Director or beneficiary under this
plan are personal and no such interest may be assigned, seized by legal
process or in any way subjected to the claims of any creditor.


    9.    EFFECTIVE DATE

          This plan shall be effective March 17, 1994.

          Adopted March 17, 1994


                               TEKTRONIX, INC.

                               By /S/ JEROME J. MEYER                      
                                   Jerome J. Meyer, 
                                   Chairman of the Board

                                      6


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>PORTIONS OF 1994 ANNUAL REPORT INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.
<TEXT>

<PAGE>                                                                      
                                                            EXHIBIT-13


MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
    RESULTS OF OPERATION


OVERVIEW

     Tektronix recorded net earnings of $60.7 million, or $2.00 per share, 
in its fiscal year ended May 28, 1994, a per share increase of 53.8% over
fiscal 1993 earnings of $39.0 million, or $1.30 per share, before
restructuring charges.  


[Bar chart depicting net earnings (adjusted)]

NET EARNINGS (adjusted)
in $millions

1992      30.2
1993      35.7 
1994      49.0


     The Company incurred pre-tax restructuring charges of $150.0 
million in 1993 that resulted in a net loss of $55.1 million, or 
$1.83 per share.  Operating income for 1994 was $86.7 million, a 21.4% 
increase over 1993 results before the restructuring charges.  The improvement 


[Bar chart depicting net earnings (reported)]

NET EARNINGS (reported)
in $millions

1992      21.0
1993     (55.1)
1994      60.7


in operating income was due primarily to reduced administrative costs and 
higher sales, which were partially offset by lower gross margins.  The 
improved net earnings in 1994 were also due to after tax non-operating gains 
of $9.1 million, or $0.30 per share, from sales of stock held by Tektronix 
in certain companies.  Net earnings, before restructuring charges, for the
fiscal year ended May 30, 1992 were $30.2 million, or $1.03 per share.


NET SALES AND PRODUCT ORDERS

     Net sales in 1994 were $1.318 billion, up 1.2% from $1.302 billion in 
1993.   Sales to customers in the United States of $737.4 million were 3.3% 
above the level for the prior year, and represented 55.9% of total sales. 
The improved domestic sales level reflected the impact of new products and
modest improvement in the U.S. economic environment. International sales
were down 1.4% to $580.6 million, reflecting weakness in certain economies
in Europe and Asia, particularly in the first half of the year.
     Net sales in 1993 were up slightly from 1992's level. U.S. sales of 
$713.7 million in 1993 were 6.5% above the level of the prior year. 
International sales declined by 6.1% in 1993 due to the weaknesses in Europe 
and Japan.
     The Company's net sales have been divided into three product classes: 
Test and Measurement, Computer Graphics, and Television Systems. Net sales by
product class for the last three years were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

NET SALES (in thousands)                                 1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
Test and Measurement                              $   644,625     $   679,254     $   724,802
Computer Graphics                                     410,580         352,094         301,506
Television Systems                                    262,799         271,030         270,935

</TABLE>

     Test and Measurement sales in 1994 accounted for 48.9% of total sales.
Sales were 5.1% below the prior year, reflecting the impacts of the lack of
growth in certain segments of the test and measurement market, recessionary
economies in Europe and Japan, and weakness in some major industrial
markets. Orders and sales were stronger toward the end of the year, with
both showing modest growth in the fourth quarter due to a strong
performance in telecommunications. Sales declined 6.3% in 1993 compared
with 1992 for the same reasons.  
     Computer Graphics sales increased 16.6% to $410.6 million in 1994 and 
made up 31.2% of total sales. Strong sales growth in color printers and 
X terminals was partially offset by declines in older graphic terminals sales 
and in the terminals service business.  Sales in 1993 increased 16.8% from 
1992 levels for the same reasons.
     Television Systems, which includes television test equipment and 
television production equipment, had sales of $262.8 million in 1994 and 
accounted for 19.9% of total sales, declining 3.0% from the prior year. 
Sales of television test equipment improved slightly, reflecting strong new 
prod-


[Pie chart depicting 1994 sales by product class]

1994 SALES by product class
in %

T & M                   48.9%
Computer Graphics       31.2%
TV Systems              19.9%
                       -----
                       100.0%


uct introductions in the last half of the year, but were offset by 
declining sales of television production equipment. Television Systems sales 
in 1993 were at the same level as 1992.
     Product orders for 1994 were $1.090 billion, or
                                      
                                     10

<PAGE>     

5.8% above the level of prior year.  The growth in orders was strongest 
in the second half of the year.  Growth in demand for color printers,
X terminals, cable and transmission test products and electronic tools
was partially offset by weaknesses in general purpose test and
measurement instruments and television production equipment, and the
decline of proprietary terminals.  The product order backlog at the
end of 1994 was at the same level as the prior year.  Because of the
low product order backlog level, the Company's future quarterly 
results are dependent on new orders that can be shipped in the 
same quarter. Product orders increased 2.3% from 1992 to 1993.
     In fiscal 1995, the Company intends to change the product classes for 
which it reports net sales. The Company believes the change more accurately
reflects its current operating management and product alignment and will
provide improved clarity regarding the Company's performance in the markets
it serves. The new product classes and the net sales for the last three
years are:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

NET SALES (in thousands)                                 1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
Measurement Business                              $   664,048     $   704,396     $   761,642
Color Printing and Imaging                            313,502         248,413         197,079
Video Systems                                         152,441         162,938         151,534
Network Displays                                       89,378          87,928          90,386
Other                                                  98,635          98,703          96,602

</TABLE>

     Measurement Business, the Company's original and historically largest   
division, includes oscilloscopes, logic analyzers, card modular
instruments, intelligent hand-held tools, spectrum analyzers, 
telecommunications test instruments, and video and audio test products.
     Color Printing and Imaging, the Company's fastest growing division,
produces the Phaser family of color printers and supplies that utilize
thermal wax transfer, phase change and dye sublimation technologies.
     Video Systems provides the television and video industries with products
covering a range of applications from production and storage to
systemization and transmission. Video Systems includes the operations of
the Company's Grass Valley subsidiary.


[Pie chart depicting 1994 sales by product class]

1994 NET SALES by product class
in %

Measurement Business    50.3%
Color Printing          23.8%
Video Systems           11.6%
Network Displays         6.8%
Other                    7.5%
                      ------
                       100.0%


     Network Displays includes a rapidly growing X terminals business offering 
a broad line of both software and hardware products that supports the X         
windows environment in networked systems.
     The Other product class relates to the non-strategic components operations
which the Company divested in 1994 and early 1995 or intends to divest in
the near future.  The majority of this product class was previously
reported in Test and Measurement.


OPERATING COST AND EXPENSES

     Manufacturing cost of sales increased as a percentage of net sales to 54.0%
in 1994 from 51.9% in 1993. The increase in cost of sales as a percentage of
net sales was caused by a reduction in the historically higher margin on
international sales, a continuing shift in the mix of sales toward products
with lower margins due to the use of alternative distribution channels, and
by the impact of a stronger Japanese Yen on certain component costs. These
factors (with the possible exception of the Yen exchange rate) are expected
to modestly affect cost of sales in 1995. Cost of sales as a percentage of
net sales increased to 51.9% in 1993 from 50.3% in 1992. The increase
reflected competitive price and discounting pressures, a continuing shift
in the mix of sales toward products with lower margins, and increased sales
through alternative distribution channels.
     Research and development (R&D) expenses were $153.1 million in 1994, down
2.5% from the prior year as the Company continued to focus its resources on
its core businesses. R&D expenses represented 11.6% of sales in 1994
compared with 12.1% in 1993 and 13.0% in 1992. The Company expects to spend
essentially the same amount on R&D in 1995 as it did in 1994.
     Selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses were $364.5 million,   
or 7.9% below the level of a year ago. Infrastructure reductions, ongoing
process improvement and increasing use of alternative distribution channels
reduced SG&A expenses for the year. SG&A expenses in 1993, including
accruals for severance pay of $7.5 million, 
                                      
                                      11

<PAGE>

were 3.0% below 1992's levels.  The Company does not expect to show
significant reductions in SG&A expenses in 1995.
     There was an equity loss in joint ventures of $1.6 million compared with 
a loss of $1.9 million in the prior year. The losses relate primarily to the
Company's joint venture, Sony/Tektronix Corporation, and are due to reduced
capital spending by Japanese customers and a generally weak economic
environment in Japan. The Company recorded earnings from joint ventures of
$2.4 million in 1992.
     Non-operating income was $9.2 million in 1994 compared with non-operating
expenses of $10.1 million and $10.9 million in 1993 and 1992, respectively.
Non-operating income in 1994 includes gains of $13.3 million from the sale
of stock held by Tektronix in TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc., Planar Systems,
Inc. and Credence Systems Corporation. The Company continues to hold
investments in these companies that it intends to liquidate over time.
     The Company recorded taxes on 1994 results at an annual effective rate of 
32%, compared with 34% in the prior year. The Company recognized a benefit of 
$2.3 million on the recalculation of deferred tax benefits in the first quarter 
because of the enactment of tax legislation increasing the federal corporate 
income tax rate. The current year provision was primarily for U.S. taxes, while
the prior years' provisions were primarily for foreign taxes, reflecting
the shift in net earnings from foreign to U.S. sources in the three years
presented. During the first quarter of 1995, the Company received approval
from the Internal Revenue Service to capitalize the costs of a major
research and development project. The Company expects the capitalization of
these costs for tax purposes to reduce its deferred tax asset valuation
allowances and thus reduce the effective rate at which taxes will be
provided in 1995.
     Net earnings of $60.7 million in 1994 compares with a net loss in 1993 of
$55.1 million, after restructuring charges and accounting changes.
Excluding the restructuring charges and accounting changes, 1993 earnings
would have been $35.6 million. The improved earnings were due primarily to
lower administrative costs, the gains on sales of investments described
above and higher sales, partially offset by lower gross margins.


RESTRUCTURING CHARGES

     During the fourth quarter of 1993, the Company incurred pre-tax
restructuring charges of $150.0 million, or $3.13 per share after taxes,
for the purpose of exiting non-strategic components operations to further
reduce the Company's vertical integration, consolidating facilities,
refocusing on core business products, discontinuing certain older products
and other steps to improve operating efficiency.
     The Company substantially completed the reduction of vertical integration
with the sale of the Integrated Circuits Operation and the formation of a
joint venture for the Hybrid Circuits Operation in 1994, and the initial
public offering for Merix Corporation, formerly the Circuit Board Division,
completed in the first quarter of 1995. The Company retains a 35% ownership
in Merix after the offering. A few smaller components operations remain to
be divested, which the Company believes will be substantially completed in
1995. The primary benefits of these actions are the avoidance of future
investments to maintain technological competitiveness and the ability to be
more responsive to changing market conditions. The short-term savings in
labor and depreciation costs are expected to be offset by lost revenue from
component sales to third parties.
     The Company also continues its consolidation of facilities and relocation
of employees and equipment in a way that will enhance efficiency and
productivity. The refocusing on core business products involves the
discontinuation of older, low-volume products, which is expected to reduce
overhead and inventory carrying costs without significantly impacting revenue.
Approximately half of the product inventory reserved for phase out was
disposed of in 1994 and it is expected that most of the balance will be
disposed of in 1995.
     Significant reserves were provided for workforce reduction. While most of
the planned workforce reduction has been accomplished, there are still
several areas where restructuring will result in severance costs and this
is reflected in the remaining reserves. The Company will benefit from
reduced payroll costs in 1995 and future years, but it is expected that,
over time, the benefit will be reduced by normal wage inflation.
     During 1995 the remaining restructuring activities include the divestiture
of the smaller remaining components operations, continued consolidation of
facilities, discontinuation of older products and the remaining workforce
reductions. At May 28, 1994, inventories and facilities subject to
restructuring activities have been reduced by $22.3 million and liabilities
for severance, facilities consolidations and other restructuring costs 

                                      12

<PAGE>

were $51.5 million. The Company believes it has adequately provided for all
remaining restructuring activities.

ACCOUNTING CHANGES

     In the first quarter of 1993, Tektronix adopted Statements of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 106 (Postretirement Benefits) and No. 109 (Income
Taxes). The combined result of adopting these pronouncements was a one-time
net increase in earnings of $3.3 million or $0.11 per share.

FINANCIAL CONDITION

     The Company's financial condition is strong. Cash flows from operating
activities and borrowing capacity from existing lines of credit are
expected to be sufficient to meet current and anticipated future needs. At
May 28, 1994, the Company maintained bank credit facilities totaling $285.9
million, of which $269.9 million was unused. The unused facilities include
$119.9 million in lines of credit and $150.0 million under revolving credit
agreements from U.S. and foreign banks. Additional details, including
maturity dates of agreements and certain financial covenants, are included
under `Short-term and Long-term Debt' in the NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS.
     Cash flows from operations, from the sales of stock in certain companies
and from the sale of certain component business assets enabled the Company
to pay down short-term debt, fund restructuring activities, and increase
cash balances. Current assets increased by $24.9 million due primarily to
higher cash and accounts receivable. Cash and cash equivalents increased
from the end of 1993 to the end of 1994 by $12.9 million. Accounts
receivable were up $18.9 million 


[Bar chart depicting market capitalization]

MARKET CAPITALIZATION
in $millions

1992     566.3
1993     674.4
1994     870.3


because of higher sales in the fourth quarter of 1994 compared with the same
quarter of 1993.
     Net property, plant and equipment declined by $12.5 million as depreciation
and disposals exceeded capital expenditures. Deferred tax assets decreased
$9.1 million to $79.6 million due to the reclassification of $11.4 million
to current, less the $2.3 million addition arising from the increase in the
federal tax rate.  In order for the Company to realize all deferred tax
assets recognized, future taxable income must be at least comparable to
recent amounts.
     Current liabilities decreased by $57.7 million or 17.3% primarily because
of repayment of short-term debt of $52.4 million. Accounts payable were
higher by $22.5 million. The increase was due to liabilities, including the
reclassification of amounts from long-term to current, related to
restructuring activities and to the timing of certain payments. Accrued
compensation decreased $27.6 million because of reductions in severance and
payroll accruals related to restructuring.
     Long-term debt increased by $34.1 million as the Company issued new debt in
the form of $100.0 million 7.5% notes due August, 2003, and retired the
outstanding $70.0 million bridge loan. Other long-term liabilities
decreased by $4.3 million primarily 


[bar chart depicting total debt]


TOTAL DEBT
in $millions

1992     140.0
1993     139.6
1994     121.2


because of the reclassification of restructuring liabilities from long-term
current liabilities.
     Shareholders' equity increased by $34.5 million or 7.9%. Common stock
declined $10.1 million as the Company repurchased shares for $33.8 million
and issued shares under employee incentive plans for $23.7 million.
Retained earnings increased $42.6 million due to earnings of $60.7 million
less dividend payments of $18.1 million.

                                      13

<PAGE>

MANAGEMENT'S LETTER

     The consolidated financial statements of Tektronix, Inc. and subsidiaries
have been prepared by management and have been audited by Tektronix'
independent auditors, Deloitte & Touche. Management is responsible for the
consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity
with generally accepted accounting principles and include amounts based on
management's judgments.
     Management is also responsible for maintaining internal control, including
systems designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are
safeguarded and that transactions are executed and recorded in accordance
with established policies and procedures.
     Tektronix' controls and systems were developed by Tektronix management and
have the full support and endorsement of the Board of Directors. Compliance
is mandatory.
     The Board of Directors is responsible for the Company's financial and
accounting policies, practices and reports. Its Audit Committee, composed
entirely of outside directors, meets regularly with the independent
auditors, representatives of management, and the internal auditors to
review accounting, reporting, auditing and internal control matters. Both
the independent auditors and the internal auditors have free access to the
Audit Committee, with and without management representatives in attendance.


PAUL E. BRAGDON
Chairman of Tektronix Audit Committee

CARL W. NEUN
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

To the Directors and Shareholders of Tektronix, Inc.:

     We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Tektronix,
Inc. and subsidiaries as of May 28, 1994 and May 29, 1993, and the related
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders' equity, and cash flows
for the years ended May 28, 1994, May 29, 1993, and May 30, 1992. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audits.
     We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free
of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
     In our opinion, such consolidated financial statements present fairly, in
all material respects, the consolidated financial position of Tektronix,
Inc. and subsidiaries at May 28, 1994 and May 29, 1993, and the results of
their operations and their cash flows for the years ended May 28, 1994, May
29, 1993, and May 30, 1992, in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.
     As discussed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements, the
Company adopted, in the year ended May 29, 1993, Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
Benefits Other Than Pensions," and Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."






DELOITTE & TOUCHE
Portland, Oregon
June 23, 1994

                                      14

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<CAPTION>
                                                   F O R    T H E     Y E A R    E N D E D

(In thousands, except per share amounts)         May 28, 1994    May 29, 1993    May 30, 1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
Net sales                                         $ 1,318,004     $ 1,302,378     $ 1,297,243
Operating costs and expenses:
  Cost of sales                                       712,052         676,310         652,087
  Research and development expenses                   153,148         157,068         169,183
  Selling, general and administrative expenses        364,508         395,698         407,961
  Restructuring charges                                    --         150,000          17,298
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
    Total operating costs and expenses              1,229,708       1,379,076       1,246,529
Equity in joint venture earnings (losses)              (1,601)         (1,932)          2,414
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
    Operating income (loss)                            86,695         (78,630)         53,128
Interest expense                                       10,019          10,311          11,291
Non-operating expenses (income)                        (9,210)         10,118          10,938
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
    Earnings (loss) before taxes                       85,886         (99,059)         30,899
Income taxes                                           25,208         (40,649)          9,948
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
    Earnings (loss) before cumulative effects
      of accounting changes                            60,678         (58,410)         20,951
Cumulative effects of accounting changes:
  Income taxes                                             --          38,100              --
  Postretirement benefits, net of tax                      --         (34,775)             --
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
    Net earnings (loss)                           $    60,678     $   (55,085)    $    20,951
                                                    =========       =========       =========
Earnings (loss) per share before cumulative        
  effects of accounting changes                   $      2.00     $     (1.94)    $      0.71
Earnings (loss) per share                         $      2.00     $     (1.83)    $      0.71
Dividends per share                               $      0.60     $      0.60     $      0.60
Average shares outstanding                             30,406          30,021          29,488

</TABLE>




THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                      15

<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS


(Dollars in thousands)                           May 28, 1994    May 29, 1993
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
ASSETS
  Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                     $    42,919     $    30,004
    Accounts receivable - net                         267,405         248,514
    Inventories                                       171,267         171,416
    Other current assets                               59,054          65,778
                                                      -------         -------
      Total current assets                            540,645         515,712
  Property, plant and equipment:
    Land                                               11,738          13,127
    Buildings and leasehold improvements              197,074         241,412
    Machinery and equipment                           444,897         538,635
                                                      -------         -------
                                                      653,709         793,174
    Accumulated depreciation and amortization        (430,387)       (557,340)
                                                      -------         -------
      Property, plant and equipment - net             223,322         235,834
  Property held for sale                               39,776          38,489
  Deferred tax assets                                  79,552          88,629
  Other long-term assets                              107,854         105,841
                                                      -------         -------
      Total assets                                $   991,149     $   984,505
                                                      =======         =======
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
  Current liabilities:
    Short-term debt                               $    17,084     $    69,481
    Accounts payable                                  161,757         139,222
    Accrued compensation                               78,877         106,464
    Deferred revenue                                   18,124          18,333
                                                      -------         ------- 
      Total current liabilities                       275,842         333,500
  Long-term debt                                      104,146          70,073                                               
  Other long-term liabilities                         141,672         145,988
  Commitments and contingencies                            --              --
  Shareholders' equity:
    Preferred stock, no par value (authorized 
      1,000,000 shares; none issued)                       --              --
    Common stock, no par value (authorized 
      80,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 
      30,270,000 in 1994, and 30,483,000 in 1993)     180,883         190,984
  Retained earnings                                   235,795         193,221
  Currency adjustment                                  52,811          50,739
                                                      -------         -------
      Total shareholders' equity                      469,489         434,944
                                                      -------         -------
      Total liabilities and shareholders' equity  $   991,149     $   984,505
                                                      =======         =======
</TABLE>




THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                      16

<PAGE>
<TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<CAPTION>
                                                   F O R    T H E     Y E A R    E N D E D

(In thousands)                                   May 28, 1994    May 29, 1993    May 30, 1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Earnings (loss)                                 $    60,678     $   (55,085)    $    20,951
Adjustments to reconcile earnings (loss) to cash
from operating activities:
  Depreciation expense                                 54,918          63,073          65,628
  Restructuring charges                                    --         150,000          17,298
  Deferred taxes                                        9,905         (60,938)        (26,153)
  Accounting change for income taxes                       --         (38,100)             --
  Accounting change for postretirement benefits            --          34,775              --
  Equity losses, net of dividends received              1,601          34,546           2,498
  (Gains) losses on sale of assets                    (14,402)          1,354          (1,711)
  Accounts receivable                                 (23,728)        (26,918)         24,687
  Inventories                                            (777)         11,667         (17,507)
  Accounts payable                                     11,764            (234)        (22,151)
  Accrued compensation                                (27,065)        (10,787)        (21,912)
  Income taxes payable                                     --         (24,548)          9,650
  Other liabilities                                    17,636           4,618           8,279
  Other assets                                        (11,968)        (15,325)          1,720
  Other - net                                           5,942            (511)         (2,231)
                                                       ------          ------          ------
    Net cash provided by operating activities          49,232          67,587          59,046
                                             
                                              
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Acquisition of property, plant and equipment        (70,270)        (57,771)        (65,507)
  Proceeds from sale of assets                         51,786           9,579          12,873
  Proceeds from sale of investments                    26,285              --              --
                                                       ------          ------          ------
    Net cash provided (used) by investing               7,801         (48,192)        (52,634)
      activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Net change in short-term debt                       (44,963)         13,207           7,480
  Issuance of long-term debt                          105,173          70,000              36
  Repayment of long-term debt                         (77,894)        (82,974)        (16,059)
  Issuance of common stock                             23,730          12,566           5,999
  Repurchase of common stock                          (33,831)             --              --
  Dividends                                           (18,104)        (17,970)        (17,682)
                                                       ------          ------          ------
    Net cash used by financing activities             (45,889)         (5,171)        (20,226)

Effect of exchange rate changes                         1,771          (2,622)           (594)
                                                       ------          ------          ------
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       12,915          11,602         (14,408)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year         30,004          18,402          32,810
                                                       ------          ------          ------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year          $    42,919     $    30,004     $    18,402
                                                       ======          ======          ======
Supplemental disclosures of cash flows:
  Income taxes paid                               $     6,379     $    33,380     $    19,266
  Interest paid                                        10,673          12,923          12,317
                                                 
</TABLE>    




THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                      17
<PAGE>
<TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

<CAPTION>
                                   Common Stock          Retained      Currency
(In thousands)                 Shares        Amount      Earnings    Adjustment         Total
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>        <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
BALANCE MAY 25, 1991           29,247     $ 168,084     $ 263,007     $  45,501     $ 476,592
Shares issued to employees        363         7,842                                     7,842
Net earnings                                               20,951                      20,951
Dividends - $0.60 per share                               (17,682)                    (17,682)
Currency adjustment                                                       2,086         2,086
                               ------       -------       -------        ------       -------
BALANCE MAY 30, 1992           29,610       175,926       266,276        47,587       489,789
Shares issued to employees        873        15,058                                    15,058
Net loss                                                  (55,085)                    (55,085)
Dividends - $0.60 per share                               (17,970)                    (17,970)
Currency adjustment                                                       3,152         3,152
                               ------       -------       -------       -------       -------
BALANCE MAY 29, 1993           30,483       190,984       193,221        50,739       434,944
Shares issued to employees      1,125        23,730                                    23,730
Shares repurchased             (1,338)      (33,831)                                  (33,831)
Net earnings                                               60,678                      60,678
Dividends - $0.60 per share                               (18,104)                    (18,104)
Currency adjustment                                                       2,072         2,072
                               ------       -------       -------       -------       -------
BALANCE MAY 28, 1994           30,270     $ 180,883     $ 235,795     $  52,811     $ 469,489
                               ======       =======       =======       =======       =======
</TABLE>




THE ACCOMPANYING NOTES ARE AN INTEGRAL PART OF THESE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.

                                      18

<PAGE>
      
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

ACCOUNTING POLICIES

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION  The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of Tektronix, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the
Company). All material intercompany transactions and balances have been
eliminated.

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS   Cash and cash equivalents include cash deposits in
banks and investments with a maturity of three months or less at the time
of purchase.

INVESTMENTS   Investments in joint venture and other companies are accounted
for on the cost or equity basis depending on the Company's share in their
common stock. Investments are included in other long-term assets and are
stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. All material
intercompany income has been eliminated. Intangible assets are amortized
over a minimal time frame, generally five years, to reflect the general
nature of the technology business.

FOREIGN CURRENCIES   Earnings on non-U.S. affiliates are translated into
U.S. dollars at average rates of exchange. Most non-U.S. sales operations'
assets and liabilities are translated into dollars at current rates of
exchange with changes in exchange rates reflected in the currency
adjustment to shareholders' equity.  Non-U.S. manufacturing operations and
sales operations in highly inflationary economies translate monetary assets
and liabilities into dollars at current rates of exchange and include the
gains and losses in non-operating income, while other assets and
liabilities are carried at their historic values.  Transaction gains and
losses, other than certain hedging transactions, are included in earnings.

INVENTORIES   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market.  Cost
is determined on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis.

PROPERTY AND DEPRECIATION   Land, buildings and equipment are carried at cost
less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is based on the estimated
useful lives of depreciable assets, ranging from 10 to 48 years for
buildings and 3 to 7 years for equipment, and is generally provided using
the straight-line method. Leasehold improvements are amortized on a
straight-line basis over the estimated useful life or the lease term,
whichever is less.
     Property held for sale is stated at the lower of cost or estimated net
realizable value and includes certain facilities and land no longer used in
the Company's operations.

REVENUE RECOGNITION  Revenue from product and component sales is recognized
at the time of shipment. Service revenue is recognized over the contractual
period or as services are provided.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES   Expenditures for research, development
and engineering of products and manufacturing processes are expensed as
incurred.

INCOME TAXES   In 1993, the Company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes."  Accordingly,
deferred income taxes reflect the impact of temporary differences between
the assets and liabilities recognized for financial reporting purposes and
amounts recognized for tax purposes in 1994 and 1993. Deferred taxes are
based on tax laws as currently enacted. Prior to 1993, net deferred tax
assets were not recognized until realized.
     Tektronix, Inc. and its U.S. subsidiaries file a consolidated federal
income tax return. Each U.S. subsidiary records its own tax provision and
makes payment to the parent company for taxes due or receives payment for
tax benefits utilized.

RECLASSIFICATI0N   Certain items have been reclassified to conform with the
current year's presentation with no effect on previously reported earnings.

PER SHARE AMOUNTS   The per share amounts are based on the weighted average
number of shares outstanding during the year.

FISCAL YEAR   The Company's fiscal year is the 52 or 53 weeks ending the last
Saturday in May. 1994 and 1993 were 52-week fiscal years; 1992 was a 53-
week fiscal year.

RESTRUCTURING CHARGES

     In the fourth quarter of 1993, the Company provided for pre-tax
restructuring charges of $150.0 million for the purpose of exiting non-
strategic components operations to further reduce the Company's vertical
integration, consolidating facilities, refocusing on core business
products, discontinuing certain older products and other steps to improve
operating efficiency.
     In 1992, the Company provided for restructuring charges of $17.3 million
for reductions in operations, including severance costs and the write-off
of certain assets.

                                      19

<PAGE>

BUSINESS SEGMENTS

     The Company and its affiliates operate predominately in a single industry
segment: the design, manufacture, sale and service of electronic
measurement, design and display instruments and systems used in science,
industry and education. Geographically, the Company operates primarily in
the industrialized world. Net sales, earnings (loss) before taxes and total
assets in the United States, Europe and other geographical areas were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
Net sales:
United States
  sales to customers                              $   737,451     $   713,734     $   670,291
United States export
  sales to customers                                  187,149         196,921         221,892
United States transfers
  to affiliates                                       313,004         290,432         245,259
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
  United States sales                               1,237,604       1,201,087       1,137,442
European sales
  to customers                                        305,563         320,542         347,686
European transfers
  to affiliates                                         4,031           9,282          13,617
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
  European sales                                      309,594         329,824         361,303
Other area sales
  to customers                                         87,841          71,181          57,374
Other area transfers
  to affiliates                                         9,427          10,754          10,498
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
  Other area sales                                     97,268          81,935          67,872
Eliminations                                         (326,462)       (310,468)       (269,374)
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
  Net sales                                       $ 1,318,004     $ 1,302,378     $ 1,297,243
                                                    =========       =========       =========
Earnings (loss) before taxes:
United States                                     $    97,369     $  (98,366)     $    40,161
Europe                                                  3,698             317          15,980
Other areas                                             1,992           1,767           2,322
Corporate and eliminations                            (17,173)         (2,777)        (27,564)
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
  Earnings (loss) before taxes                    $    85,886     $   (99,059)    $    30,899
                                                    =========       =========       =========
Total assets:
United States                                     $   699,568     $   707,511     $   620,038
Europe                                                175,532         172,217         186,115
Other areas                                            34,170          28,016          24,325
Corporate and eliminations                             81,879          76,761          96,272
                                                    ---------       ---------       ---------
  Total assets                                    $   991,149     $   984,505     $   926,750
                                                    =========       =========       =========
</TABLE>

     Transfers of products and services are made at arms-length prices between
geographic areas. The profit on transfers between geographic areas is not
recognized until sales are made to unaffiliated customers. Area earnings 
(loss) before taxes includes all directly incurred and allocable costs, 
except identified corporate expenses. Assets are those that are specifically 
associated with the operations of each geographic area.
     Net sales to the United States government were not more than 6% of
consolidated net sales in any of the past three years, and no other
customer accounted for more than 2% of sales.

NON-US AFFILIATES

     The Company has operating subsidiaries located in Australia, Austria,
Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hong Kong (with
a branch in China), Italy, Korea, Mexico, The Netherlands, Norway,
Singapore, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom (with
a branch in Ireland). The assets, liabilities, net sales and earnings of
non-U.S. subsidiaries are included in the consolidated financial statements
in these amounts:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
Current assets                                    $   147,090     $   128,015     $   132,236
Property, plant and
   equipment - net                                     42,976          50,924          54,494
Other long-term assets                                  2,339           2,888           2,567
Current liabilities                                    65,086          71,350          72,996
Other liabilities                                      14,456          14,628          23,828

Net sales                                         $   393,404     $   391,723     $   405,326
Gross profit                                          112,574         127,384         132,847
Operating income                                        3,184           2,217          21,059
Earnings before taxes                                   5,690           2,084          18,302
Net earnings                                            9,314           1,375          10,820

</TABLE>

     The Company has foreign investments in joint venture companies in Japan and
India. The Company's share of the assets, liabilities, net sales and
earnings of these unconsolidated affiliates, as well as the Company's arms-
length sales to, purchases from, and accounts receivable consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
Current assets                                    $    67,147     $    94,050     $    80,848
Property, plant and
   equipment - net                                     24,640          22,022          20,279
Other long-term assets                                 10,269           8,219           7,826
Current liabilities                                    20,537          49,055          16,680
Other liabilities                                       7,549           6,285           4,835

Net sales                                         $    94,246     $    82,682     $    98,219
Gross profit                                           33,808          27,605          32,872
Operating income (loss)                                (4,080)         (6,306)          1,374
Earnings (loss) before taxes                           (2,971)         (4,521)          5,256
Net earnings (loss)                                    (1,601)         (1,932)          2,373

Sales to                                          $    67,535     $    63,958     $    79,500
Purchases from                                          5,585           5,990           4,114
Accounts receivable                                    11,117          11,663           6,176

</TABLE>
        
     There are no significant restrictions which prevent dividends to the parent
company from non-U.S. affiliates. The Company received dividends from joint
venture companies of $33.2 million in 

                                      20
<PAGE>

1993, and $1.6 million in 1992. There were no dividends received in 1994.


ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

     Accounts receivable have been reduced by an allowance for doubtful
accounts, which was $3.8 million in 1994 and $3.3 million in 1993. The net
charges to this reserve for uncollected credit sales have not been
material.


INVENTORIES

     Inventories consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993            
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
Materials and work in process                     $    89,341     $    87,867
Finished goods                                         81,926          83,549
                                                      -------         -------
    Inventories                                   $   171,267     $   171,416
                                                      =======         =======
</TABLE>


OTHER LONG-TERM ASSETS

     Other long-term assets consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
Investment in joint venture affiliates            $    74,703     $    69,728
Licensing agreements
  and other intangibles, net                           17,649          12,923
Other                                                  15,502          23,190
                                                      -------         -------
    Other long-term assets                        $   107,854     $   105,841
                                                      =======         =======
</TABLE>

     The Company's portion of undistributed earnings in equity investees in 
1994 and 1993 was $13.8 million and $13.9 million, respectively.
      Licensing agreements and other intangibles have been reduced by 
accumulated amortization of $15.3 million in 1994 and $15.5 million in 1993.


SHORT-TERM AND LONG-TERM DEBT

     The Company's short-term debt consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
Line of credit borrowings                         $    15,963     $    26,566
Revolving credit borrowings                                --          35,000
                                                      -------         -------
Short-term borrowings                                  15,963          61,566
Current maturities of long-term borrowings              1,121           7,915
                                                      -------         -------
    Short-term debt                               $    17,084     $    69,481
                                                      =======         =======
</TABLE>

     The Company has a $150.0 million revolving credit agreement with Morgan
Guaranty Trust Company of New York as agent that matures on March 10, 1996.
At May 28, 1994, the Company maintained unused bank credit facilities of
$269.9 million including $119.9 million in lines of credit and $150.0
million in the revolving credit agreement. At May 28, 1994, the interest
rate on the utilized U.S. line of credit was 4.7%. Interest rates on the
utilized non-U.S. lines of credit averaged 6.5% .

     The Company's long-term debt consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
7.5% Notes due August 1, 2003                     $   100,000     $        --
Bridge loan credit agreement                               --          70,000
Non-U.S. currency borrowings                               --           7,805
Other borrowings                                        5,267             183
                                                      -------         -------
  Long-term borrowings                                105,267          77,988
Current maturities                                     (1,121)         (7,915)
                                                      -------         -------
    Long-term debt                                $   104,146     $    70,073
                                                      =======         =======

</TABLE>

     Certain of the Company's debt agreements require the maintenance of
specified interest rate coverage ratios and a minimum consolidated tangible
net worth. At May 28, 1994, the Company had unrestricted retained earnings
of $41.3 million after meeting those requirements.
     Aggregate long-term debt payments will be $1.1 million in 1995, $1.1
million in 1996, $1.2 million in 1997, $1.2 million in 1998, and $0.7
million in 1999.


OTHER LONG-TERM LIABILITIES

Other long-term liabilities consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
Accrued postretirement benefits                   $    54,480     $    53,630
Accrued pension                                        43,881          38,869
Restructuring                                          13,502          35,800
Other                                                  29,809          17,689
                                                      -------         -------
    Other long-term liabilities                   $   141,672     $   145,988
                                                      =======         =======
</TABLE>


NON-OPERATING EXPENSES (INCOME)

     Non-operating expenses (income) consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
(Earnings) loss in equity investees               $      (903)    $      (612)    $     3,512
Gain on sale of investments                           (13,309)             --              --
Charitable contributions                                2,824           3,148           2,943
Currency losses                                         1,980           2,825           1,383
Other                                                     198           4,757           3,100
                                                      -------         -------         -------
Non-operating expenses (income)                   $    (9,210)    $    10,118     $    10,938
                                                      =======         =======         =======
</TABLE>


COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

     Rental expense was $20.7 million in 1994, $19.9 million in 1993, and $20.2
million in 1992. The future minimum obligations under operating leases and
other commitments having an initial or remaining noncancelable term in
excess of one year as of May 28, 1994, are:
                                                                             
                                      21                                       

<PAGE>                                      

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                             Future          
(In thousands)                     1995    1996     1997     1998     1999    Years     Total
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>       <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>      <C>
Operating leases               $13,271   $8,623   $5,243   $1,764   $1,120   $6,115   $36,136
Commitments                     16,312   10,350   10,350      350      350       --    37,712

</TABLE>

     Commitments relate primarily to a supply agreement that was signed 
pursuant to the 1994 sale of the Company's Integrated Circuits Operation to 
Maxim Integrated Products, Inc. Under the agreement, the Company has minimum
purchase requirements through 1997. The Company also has long-term or
minimum purchase agreements with various other suppliers.
     In the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are
parties to various legal claims, actions and complaints, including matters
involving patent infringement and other intellectual property claims.
Included among the intellectual property matters are claims by Jerome J.
Lemelson that certain of the Company's manufacturing equipment and
processes infringe certain of his patents. Although it is impossible to
predict with certainty whether or not the Company and its subsidiaries will
ultimately be successful in any of these legal matters or, if not, what the
impact might be, the Company believes that disposition of these matters will 
not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position and 
results of operations.


SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

EMPLOYEE SHARE PURCHASE PLAN   Most employees were eligible to participate in
an Employee Share Purchase Plan, which terminates on June 30, 1994. During
1994, 13,000 shares were issued for $0.4 million; 23,000 shares were issued
for $0.5 million in 1993.

STOCK OPTION AND INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLANS   The Company has stock option
plans for selected employees. There were 3,890,000 shares reserved for
issuance under these plans at May 28, 1994. Under the terms of the plans,
incentive stock options are granted at an option price not less than the
market value at the date of grant. Nonqualified stock options may not be
granted at less than 50% of the market value at the date of grant. The
exercise period for the options is not to exceed 10 years.
     The stock option plans allow stock appreciation rights (SARS) to be 
granted to employees. Employees may surrender all or part of their SARS for 
shares or payment in an amount equal to the excess of market price over 
option price at the date of exercise.
     Activity under the option plans was:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(Shares in thousands)                                    1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                    <C>             <C>             <C>
Outstanding at beginning of year                        3,324           3,085           2,914
  Granted                                                 758           1,066             770
  Exercised                                              (925)           (451)           (281)
  Canceled                                               (291)           (376)           (318)
                                                       ------          ------          ------
    Outstanding at end of year                          2,866           3,324           3,085
                                                       ======          ======          ======

Options exercisable at end of year                      1,312           1,348           1,166

Option prices per share:
  Granted                                              $22-28          $18-27          $17-31
  Exercised                                             13-28           13-25           13-28
  Canceled                                              13-42           13-38           13-39
  Exercisable at end of year                            13-33           13-42           13-42

</TABLE>

     There were 1,218 employees holding options at May 28, 1994. The 
Company also has cash and stock incentive compensation plans for certain
executives. The plans provide for compensation based on financial
performance over one- and three-year periods.

SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AGREEMENT   In August 1990, the Company's Board of
Directors approved a shareholder rights agreement and declared a dividend
of one right for each outstanding common share. Each right entitles the
holder to purchase one one-thousandth of a share of Series A No Par
Preferred Shares at an exercise price of $60, subject to adjustment.
Generally, the rights become exercisable 10 days after a person or group
acquires or commences a tender offer that would result in beneficial
ownership of 20% or more of the common shares. In addition, the rights
become exercisable if any party becomes the beneficial owner of 10% or more
of the outstanding common shares and is determined by the Board of
Directors to be an adverse party. Upon the occurrence of certain additional
events specified in the shareholder rights agreement, each right would
entitle its holder to purchase common shares of the Company (or, in some
cases, a potential acquiring company) or other property having a value of
twice the right's exercise price. The rights, which are not currently
exercisable, expire in September, 2000, but may be redeemed by action of
the Board prior to that time, under certain circumstances, for $0.01 per
right.


BENEFIT PLANS

PENSION PLANS   The Company has defined benefit retirement plans covering most
employees.  Benefits upon retirement or termination are based on length of
service and final average compensation at retirement.
     The Company's funding policy is to con-

                                      22

<PAGE>     

tribute amounts determined annually on an actuarial basis that provide
for current and future benefits in accordance with funding requirements 
of applicable laws and regulations of the countries in which the plans are
located. Assets of funded benefit plans are held primarily in trust accounts.
The significant majority of the assets are invested in common stocks, bonds,
and real estate, with the balance primarily in cash and short-term investments.
     The following tables set forth the funded status and the amounts 
recognized in the financial statements for the Company's defined benefit 
retirement plans:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                  1994                          1993
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                   Assets exceed    Accumulated  Assets exceed    Accumulated
                                     accumulated       benefits    accumulated       benefits
                                        benefits  exceed assets       benefits  exceed assets
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                   <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>
Actuarial present value of 
    benefit obligations:
  Vested benefit obligation           $   22,333     $  300,841     $  296,241     $    9,849
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Accumulated benefit obligation      $   26,498     $  318,650     $  320,915     $   10,416
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  
  Projected benefit obligation        $   39,601     $  359,050     $  374,144     $   12,585
  Plan assets at fair value               35,384        304,510        333,650             --
                                         -------        -------        -------        -------
    Projected benefit obligation in 
      excess of plan assets               (4,217)       (54,540)       (40,494)       (12,585)
Unrecognized initial net asset               806         (7,415)       (10,858)         2,762
Unrecognized prior service cost              116         11,466         14,429            109
Unrecognized net (gain) loss               3,139          7,129          9,861         (3,177)
                                         -------        -------        -------        -------
    Net pension liability             $     (156)    $  (43,360)    $  (27,062)    $  (12,891)
                                         =======        =======        =======        =======
</TABLE>

     Assumptions used in the accounting for the defined benefit plans were:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>             <C>             <C>
Overall weighted-average                                                                      
  discount rates                                          8.2%            8.0%            9.0%
Overall rates of increase
  in compensation levels                                  4.8%            4.7%            6.0%
Expected long-term rate
  of return on plan assets                                9.4%            9.4%            9.4%

</TABLE>


     Net periodic pension expense includes the following components:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
Service cost                                      $     9,346     $     8,844     $     9,276
Interest cost                                          30,458          29,801          28,663
Actual return on plan assets                          (22,721)        (25,108)        (29,376)
Net amortization
  and deferral                                         (9,072)         (5,681)            221
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Net periodic
    pension expense                                     8,011           7,856           8,784
Other benefit plans                                     1,114           1,261           1,484
                                                       ------          ------          ------
  Pension expense                                 $     9,125     $     9,117     $    10,268
                                                       ======          ======          ======
</TABLE>

     A credit of $4.4 million arising from employee reductions and the related
impact on pension expense recognized in prior years, was recognized during
1993. As a result, pension expense was reduced by $1.0 million in 1993.


POSTRETIREMENT BENEFITS   The Company sponsors unfunded plans to provide
health care and life insurance benefits for certain retired employees. The
postretirement health care plan is contributory, with retiree contributions
adjusted annually; the postretirement life insurance plan is
noncontributory. The majority of the Company's domestic employees may
become eligible for these benefits if they retire while working for the
Company. However, benefits and eligibility rules may be modified from time
to time. There are no significant postretirement health care benefit plans
outside of the United States.
     The Company adopted SFAS No. 106, "Accounting for Postretirement Benefits
Other than Pensions," in the first quarter of 1993. Under SFAS No. 106, the
Company recognizes the cost of postretirement benefits over the active
service period of its employees. Prior to 1993, the cost of these benefits
was charged to operating expenses as claims and premiums were paid. The
Company elected to recognize the transition obligation of $57.1 million,
which represents the previously unrecognized prior service cost,
immediately upon implementation. This resulted in a one-time, non-cash
charge of $34.8 million, net of applicable income taxes. In addition, the
Company also recognized a curtailment gain of $2.9 million in 1993 arising
from employee reductions that resulted in a decrease in the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation.
     The following tables set forth the plans' combined status and the amounts
recognized in the financial statements:

                                      23


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation:
Current retirees                                  $    32,209     $    32,465
Active employees eligible to retire                     9,620          11,303
Other active employees                                 11,475          13,368
                                                      -------         -------
  Accumulated obligation                               53,304          57,136
Unrecognized net gain                                   4,687               5
                                                      -------         -------
  Accrued liability recognized                      
    in balance sheet                              $    57,991     $    57,141
                                                      =======         =======
Net periodic postretirement benefit expense:
Service cost                                      $     1,008     $     1,038
Interest cost                                           4,405           5,018
                                                      -------         -------
  Net postretirement benefit expense              $     5,413     $     6,056
                                                      =======         =======
</TABLE>

     The cost of postretirement benefits reported for 1992 was $3.0 million  
on a pay-as-you-go-basis.
     The assumed discount rate used in determining the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) as of May 28, 1994 was 8.2% and
8.0% at the end of 1993; the rate of salary increase used was 4.8% and
4.5%, respectively. The health care cost trend rate used in measuring the
APBO at year end was 12.3% for 1994 and 13.5% for 1993. This rate is
assumed to decrease gradually until it reaches 5.8% in the year 2004 and
remain level thereafter. The health care cost trend rate assumption has a
significant effect on the amounts reported. Increasing the health care cost
trend rate by one percentage point each year would increase the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation as of May 28, 1994, by $2.3 million and
the aggregate of the service and interest cost components of net periodic
postretirement benefit cost for 1994 by $0.3 million.

POSTEMPLOYMENT BENEFITS   The Company also provides postemployment benefits
other than retirement benefits to certain employees. Such benefits, which
include severance, disability and medical costs, have been historically
accrued. Therefore, there is no material impact from the adoption of SFAS
No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits."

EMPLOYEE SAVINGS PLANS   The Company has two employee savings plans that
qualify as deferred salary arrangements under Section 401(k) of the
Internal Revenue Code. Participating U.S. employees may defer up to 15% of
their pre-tax earnings subject to certain regulatory limitations. Employee
contributions are invested, at the employees' direction, among a variety of
investment alternatives. Depending on the plan, the Company currently
matches 3% of an employee's contribution either in cash or Company stock.
In addition, beginning in 1993, the Company also makes a contribution to
the 401(k) plan for certain employees equal to 2% of an employee's annual
pay, even if the employee does not currently contribute to the plan. The
latter contribution is made regardless of the Company's performance and is
invested entirely in Company stock. Total cost for these plans was $12.7
million in 1994, $13.1 million in 1993 and $4.8 million in 1992.

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

OFF-BALANCE SHEET FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:  RISK AND FAIR VALUES   The
Company uses various off-balance sheet instruments to reduce its exposure
to financial market risk caused by currency and interest rate fluctuations.
At May 28, 1994, market risk was not expected to have a material adverse 
effect on the consolidated position of the Company.
     At the end of 1994 and 1993, the Company had forward foreign exchange
contracts outstanding of $20.6 million and $53.0 million, respectively.
These contracts have maturities that generally do not exceed one year and
require the Company to exchange foreign currencies for U.S. dollars at
maturity. The fair value of these foreign exchange contracts is the amount
the Company would receive or pay to terminate the contracts. This amount is
calculated using quoted market rates. The fair market value of these
contracts was estimated to be a net receivable of $0.3 million at the end
of 1994 and a net payable of $3.0 million at the end of 1993.
     In 1992, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement, having 
a notional principal amount of $75.0 million, that matures in 1995. Under
this agreement, the Company makes fixed-rate payments and receives floating-
rate payments in return. The fair value of this interest rate swap is the
amount the Company would receive or pay to terminate the swap agreement.
This amount is calculated using information provided by outside quotation
services, taking into account current interest rates and the
creditworthiness of the swap counterparty. At the end of 1994 and 1993, the
fair value was estimated to be a net payable of $3.6 million and $1.4
million, respectively.
     In the event that a counterparty fails to meet the terms of a foreign
exchange contract or the interest rate swap agreement, the Company's
exposure is limited to the currency rate or interest rate differential. The
Company has executed these contracts with many creditworthy financial
institutions and considers the risk of nonperformance to be remote.

                                      24

<PAGE>

BALANCE SHEET FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS: FAIR VALUES   The carrying amount
reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash and cash equivalents,
accounts receivable, accounts payable and short-term debt approximates fair
value because of the immediate or short-term maturity of these financial
instruments.
     The fair values of fixed-rate receivables and long-term debt are estimated
by discounting future cash flows using current discount rates that reflect
the risks associated with similar types of instruments. At May 28, 1994,
the estimated fair values of the Company's notes receivable approximated
the carrying value. The carrying amount reported for long-term debt at the
end of 1994 also approximated fair value.  The carrying amount reported for
long-term debt at the end of 1993 approximated fair value because the
underlying instrument was a variable-rate note that repriced frequently.
     At year-end 1994 and 1993, the carrying value of the Company's minority
equity investments accounted for on the cost basis was $5.1 million and
$9.9 million, respectively. It was not practicable to estimate the fair
value of the securities held at the end of 1993 because the investments
were in non-traded companies. In 1994, the companies represented by such
investments successfully completed initial public offerings and, as a
result, their fair values can be estimated based on quoted market prices.
At May 28, 1994, the estimated fair value of these equity investments was
approximately $26.6 million.
     Beginning in 1995, the Company will account and report for such investments
in accordance with the requirements of SFAS No. 115, "Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities."   Under SFAS No. 115, these
investments would have been classified as available-for-sale securities and
reported at fair value in the consolidated balance sheet, with the net
unrealized gains of $21.5 million reported as a separate component of
shareholders' equity.

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK   Financial instruments that potentially subject
the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of trade
accounts receivable. The risk is limited due to the large number of
entities comprising the Company's customer base and their dispersion across
many different industries and geographies. At May 28, 1994, the Company had
no significant concentrations of credit risk.

INCOME TAXES

     The Company adopted SFAS No. 109 in the first quarter of 1993. The adoption
of this standard changed the Company's method of accounting for income
taxes from the deferred method to the liability method. During the first
quarter of 1994, the Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 was enacted,
increasing the maximum federal rate tax for corporations to 35% from 34%
and the Company recorded additional tax benefits to reflect the rate
increase. The effect was to increase earnings by $2.3 million.
The components of earnings (loss) before taxes are contained in the
Business Segments footnote. The provision for income taxes consisted of:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
Current:
  Federal                                         $     9,081     $    11,996     $       601
  State                                                 2,900             716           1,150
  Non-U.S.                                              3,938          12,140           8,365
                                                      -------         -------         -------
                                                       15,919          24,852          10,116
Deferred:
  Federal                                              15,167         (49,969)             --
  State                                                 1,684          (8,569)             --
  Non-U.S.                                             (7,562)         (6,963)           (168)
                                                      -------         -------         -------
                                                        9,289         (65,501)           (168)
                                                      -------         -------         -------
    Total provision                               $    25,208     $   (40,649)    $     9,948
                                                      =======         =======         =======
</TABLE>


     The provisions differ from the amounts that would result by applying the
U.S. statutory rate to earnings (loss) before taxes. A reconciliation of the
difference is:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993            1992
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>             <C>
Income taxes based
  on U.S. statutory rate                          $    30,060     $   (33,680)    $    10,506
State income taxes,
  net of U.S. tax                                       2,980          (5,183)            759
Foreign taxes on
  non-U.S. source income                               (4,370)          5,678           1,391
Foreign sales corporation                              (3,926)           (328)             --
Prior year foreign tax credits                          6,422              --          (5,670)
Expenses not recognized                                    --              --           1,984
Provision for audit adjustments                         3,060          (7,793)         (1,250)
Capital gains adjustments
  from sale of investments                             (2,678)             --              --
Other U.S. adjustments                                  1,917             657           2,228
Change in beginning of year
  valuation allowance                                  (5,981)             --              --
Benefit of tax rate change                             (2,276)             --              --
                                                      -------         -------         -------

    Income taxes                                  $    25,208     $   (40,649)    $     9,948
                                                      =======         =======         =======
</TABLE>

     Net deferred tax assets and liabilities are included in the following
consolidated balance sheet accounts:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993   
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
Other current assets                              $    41,031     $    40,810
Deferred tax assets                                    79,552          88,629
Other long-term assets                                     --           1,051
                                                      -------         -------    
Net deferred tax assets                           $   120,583     $   130,490
                                                      =======         =======
</TABLE>

                                      25

<PAGE>

     The temporary differences and carryforwards that give rise to deferred 
tax assets and liabilities were as follows:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

(In thousands)                                           1994            1993
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                               <C>             <C>
Deferred tax assets:
  Reserves and other liabilities                  $    39,396     $    38,819
  AMT and foreign tax
    credit carryforwards                               36,886          47,697
  Restructuring costs and
    separation programs                                31,551          57,232
  Accrued postretirement benefits                      23,196          22,326
  Accrued pension obligation                           14,059          11,627
  Net operating losses of
    non-U.S. affiliates                                 8,388           2,926
  Accumulated depreciation                              1,196              --
                                                      -------         -------
    Gross deferred tax assets                         154,672         180,627
    Less valuation allowance                          (19,297)        (25,278)
                                                      -------         -------
      Deferred tax assets                             135,375         155,349
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Unamortized LIFO reserve                            (14,792)        (18,750)
  Accumulated depreciation                                 --          (6,109)
                                                      -------         -------
    Deferred tax liabilities                          (14,792)        (24,859)
                                                      -------         -------
    Net deferred tax assets                       $   120,583     $   130,490
                                                      =======         =======
</TABLE>

     SFAS No. 109 requires that a valuation allowance be recorded when it is
more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax assets will not
be realized. The Company previously established a valuation allowance for
its deferred tax assets which include temporary differences, tax credit
carryforwards and certain net operating losses of non-U.S. affiliates.
During 1994, the valuation allowance was reduced by $6.0 million. The
reduction resulted primarily from the utilization of foreign tax credit
carryforwards and the utilization of net operating losses of non-U.S.
affiliates.
     There are $22.0 million of unused foreign tax credits which, if not used,
will expire between 1995 and 1998. There are $14.9 million of alternative
minimum tax (AMT) credits that can be carried forward indefinitely.


QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (unaudited)

     In the opinion of management, this unaudited quarterly financial summary
includes all adjustments necessary to present fairly the results for the
periods represented (in thousands, except per share amounts):

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     Aug. 28,        Nov. 27,        Feb. 26,         May 28,
13 weeks to                              1993            1993            1994            1994
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Net sales                         $   290,070     $   317,165     $   332,825     $   377,944
Gross profit                          135,869         145,214         151,903         172,966
Operating income                       14,688          19,107          22,795          30,105
Earnings before taxes                  11,295          17,357          23,452          33,782
Net earnings (loss)                     9,731          11,455          15,479          24,013
Earnings per share                $      0.32     $      0.37     $      0.51     $      0.80
Dividends per share                      0.15            0.15            0.15            0.15

Common stock prices:
High                              $     27.50     $     25.50     $     28.25     $     33.38
Low                                     22.13           21.38           21.38           26.00

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                     Aug. 29,        Nov. 28,        Feb. 27,         May 29,
13 weeks to                              1992            1992            1993            1993
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Net sales                         $   304,624     $   333,485     $   311,233     $   353,036
Gross profit                          144,506         163,840         151,162         166,560
Operating income (loss)                13,315          19,128          17,608        (128,681)
Earnings (loss) before taxes            9,329          12,777          13,840        (135,005)
Net earnings (loss)                     9,482           8,433           9,134         (82,134)
Earnings (loss) per share         $      0.32     $      0.28      $     0.30     $     (2.73)
Dividends per share                      0.15            0.15            0.15            0.15

Common stock prices:
High                              $     20.38     $     22.50      $    25.25     $     27.88
                                        16.88           19.38           17.63           22.13

</TABLE>

     Operating income and net earnings in the fourth quarter of 1993 reflect 
the impact of pre-tax restructuring charges of $150.0 million. These charges
are discussed in the Management Review and Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.



     The Company's common stock is traded on the New York and Pacific Stock
Exchanges. There were 4,625 shareholders of record at June 23, 1994. The
above quoted market prices are the composite prices reported by THE WALL
STREET JOURNAL rounded to full cents per share.
     Dividends are paid at the discretion of the Board of Directors dependent
upon their judgment of the Company's future earnings, expenditures and
financial condition.

                                      26

<PAGE>

<TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE

<CAPTION>

UNAUDITED                                1994        1993        1992        1991        1990 
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                 <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Net sales                           $ 1,318.0   $ 1,302.4   $ 1,297.2   $ 1,330.9   $ 1,408.3
Gross margin                             46.0%       48.1%       49.7%       49.2%       48.4%
Research and development expenses        11.6%       12.1%       13.0%       12.9%       13.8%
Selling, general, 
  and administrative expenses            27.7%       30.4%       31.4%       30.7%       31.9%
Operating margin                          6.6%       -6.0%        4.1%        6.2%       -2.6%
Pretax margin                             6.5%       -7.6%        2.4%        4.7%       -4.6%
Earnings margin                           4.6%       -4.2%        1.6%        2.4%       -6.2%
Net earnings (loss)                 $    60.7   $   (55.1)  $    21.0   $    32.3   $   (87.5)
Earnings (loss) per share                2.00       (1.83)       0.71        1.11       (3.02)
Dividends per share                      0.60        0.60        0.60        0.60        0.60
Cumulative effects on earnings 
  of accounting changes                    --   $     3.3          --          --          --       
Total assets                        $   991.1   $   984.5   $   926.8   $   947.8   $ 1,037.6
Long-term debt                          104.1        70.1        84.3        89.1       175.1
Total debt                              121.2       139.6       140.0       146.3       260.7
Shareholders' equity                    469.5       434.9       489.8       476.6       448.9
Return on equity                         13.4%      -11.9%        4.3%        7.0%      -17.4%
Shares outstanding                       30.3        30.5        29.6        29.2        29.1
Book value per share                $   15.51   $   14.27   $   16.54   $   16.30   $   15.45
Closing share price                     28.75       22.13       19.13       23.25       14.38
Facilities expenditures             $    70.3   $    57.8   $    65.5   $    67.9   $    97.1
Depreciation expense                     54.9        63.1        65.6        74.6        73.1
Square feet in use                        5.0         5.6         6.1         6.4         7.4
Employees                               8,468       9,840      11,334      11,947      13,941
Net sales/employee (in thousands)   $   155.6   $   132.4   $   114.5   $   111.4   $   101.0

</TABLE>


AMOUNTS ARE IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AND EMPLOYEES. 
RETURNS ARE BASED ON AVERAGE ASSETS.

                                      27


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>                     
                                                             EXHIBIT 21



                                   Exhibit 21

                        Subsidiaries of Tektronix, Inc.

                                                     Percentage of Voting
        Name of Subsidiary and                        Securities Owned by
   Jurisdiction in Which Organized                     Immediate Parent
   _______________________________                     ________________

Tektronix Ges.m.b.H. (Austria)                               100%
Tektronix GmbH (Germany)                                     100
Tektronix Canada Inc. (Canada)                               100
Tektronix Australia Pty. Limited (Australia)                 100
   Grass Valley Group Pty. Limited (Australia)               100
Tektronix (France)                                           100
Tektronix N.V. (Belgium)                                     100
Tektronix, S.A. de C.V. (Mexico)                             100
Tektronix A/S (Denmark)                                      100
Tektronix S.p.A. (Italy)                                     100
Tektronix Norge A/S (Norway)                                 100
Tektronix AB (Sweden)                                        100
Tektronix Oy (Finland)                                       100
Tektronix Industria e Comercio Ltda. (Brazil)                100
Tektronix Europe B.V. (The Netherlands)                      100
The Grass Valley Group, Inc. (California)                    100
   GVG International, Ltd. (California)                      100
   GVG Japan, Ltd. (Japan)                                   100
   Grass Valley International, Inc. (Guam)                   100
Tektronix International A.G. (Switzerland)                   100
   Tektronix Holland N.V.                                    100
      (The Netherlands)

<PAGE>

Page 2. Exhibit 21


   Tektronix U.K. Limited                                    100
      (England)
      GVG Limited (United Kingdom)                           100
   Bouwerij Heerenveen N.V.                                  100
      (The Netherlands)
Tektronix Espanola, S.A. (Spain)                             100
Tektronix Development Company (Oregon)                       100
Tektronix Foreign Sales Corporation (Guam)                   100
Tektronix China, Limited (Hong Kong)                         100
Tektronix Hong Kong Limited (Hong Kong)                      100
Tektronix International, Inc. (Oregon)                       100
   Yangzhong Tektronix Electronic Instrument Co., Ltd.        70
       (China)
   Shanghai Tektronix Electronic Instrument Co., Ltd.         65
       (China)
   Chongqing Tektronix Electronic Instrument Co., Ltd.        60
       (China)
Tektronix Taiwan, Ltd. (Taiwan)                              100
Tektronix Properties, Inc. (Oregon)                          100
Tektronix Federal Systems, Inc. (Oregon)                     100
Tektronix Asia, Ltd. (Oregon)                                100
CAChe Scientific, Inc. (Oregon)                               70
Tektronix Singapore Pte Ltd (Singapore)                      100
Tektronix Sales and Marketing Company (Oregon)               100
Tektronix Korea, Ltd. (Korea)                                100



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-24
<SEQUENCE>14
<DESCRIPTION>POWERS OF ATTORNEY
<TEXT>

<PAGE>                                                EXHIBIT 24

                          POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:   July 26, 1994                  


                                  /s/ Paul E. Bragdon
                                ___________________________________          
                                      Paul E. Bragdon

<PAGE>
                             
                          POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:  July 28, 1994                   


                                  /s/ Paul C. Ely, Jr.
                               __________________________________              
                                      Paul C. Ely, Jr.

<PAGE>                                                 


                          POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:  July 28, 1994                    


                                  /s/ A. M. Gleason
                                __________________________________    
                                      A. M. Gleason
<PAGE>


                          POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof.


Dated: July 28, 1994                    


                                  /s/ Wayland R. Hicks
                              __________________________________       
                                      Wayland R. Hicks

<PAGE>

                          POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:  July 26, 1994                    


                                  /s/ Jerome J. Meyer
                              ___________________________________            
                                      Jerome J. Meyer

<PAGE>

                           POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:  July 26, 1994                     


                                  /s/ Keith R. McKennon
                           _____________________________________          
                                      Keith R. McKennon

<PAGE>

                           POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:  July 28, 1994                     


                                  /s/ Andrew V. Smith
                             ____________________________________       
                                      Andrew V. Smith


<PAGE>
                           POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's 
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file 
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to 
be done by virtue hereof.

Dated:  August 11, 1994


                                  /s/ Richard W. Sonnenfeldt
                              ---------------------------------
                                      Richard W. Sonnenfeldt


<PAGE>
                           POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:  July 27, 1994                   


                                  /s/ William D. Walker
                              __________________________________ 
                                      William D. Walker
                              
<PAGE>                              

                        POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:  July 26, 1994                   


                                  /s/ Jean Vollum
                              _________________________________   
                                      Jean Vollum


<PAGE>

                        POWER OF ATTORNEY

The undersigned constitutes and appoints JEROME J. MEYER, CARL W.
NEUN and JOHN P. KARALIS and each of them, as the undersigned's
true and lawful attorneys and agents, with full power of
substitution and resubstitution for the undersigned and in the
undersigned's name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to
sign the Tektronix, Inc. Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended May 28, 1994 and any and all amendments thereto, and to file
the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
granting unto said attorneys and agents, and each of them, full
power and authority to do any and all acts and things necessary or
advisable to be done, as fully and to all intents and purposes as
the undersigned might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and
confirming all that said attorneys and agents or either of them, or
their or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof.


Dated:  July 28, 1994                    


                              /s/ Delbert W. Yocam
                             _________________________________               
                                  Delbert W. Yocam
                          


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>15
<DESCRIPTION>APPENDIX LISTING GRAPHICS IN EX-13
<TEXT>

<PAGE>

                                                   APPENDIX - EXHIBIT 13

                      
                                  APPENDIX
                       GRAPHIC AND IMAGE INFORMATION
                               IN EXHIBIT 13 
                            
                (See text for tabular version of information.) 

            
              Page in     
         Annual Report and       
            Exhibit 13               Description of Graphics
         -----------------      ------------------------------------
                
                10              Bar chart depicting net earnings 
                                  (adjusted).

                10              Bar chart depicting net earnings
                                  (reported).

                10              Pie chart depicting 1994 sales by
                                  product class.

                11              Pie chart depicting 1994 sales by
                                  product class.

                13              Pie chart depicting market 
                                  capitalization.

                13              Bar chart depicting total debt.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
