-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 okGGn8bfjyaRZ082awLsX1q7y1jcsK73t+hkFpnQg/FWJfKtRKqrnoaBe9+T4sC8
 kuz0GmuLVul3mw5NhhyIhg==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000858558-94-000017.txt : 19940928
<IMS-HEADER>0000858558-94-000017.hdr.sgml : 19940928
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000858558-94-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940927
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			READERS DIGEST ASSOCIATION INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000858558
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	2721
		IRS NUMBER:				131726769
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10434
		FILM NUMBER:		94550442

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		READERS DIGEST ROAD
		CITY:			PLEASANTVILLE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10570
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9142381000
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>


                                                                 
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     Washington, D.C.  20549

                            FORM 10-K

    [X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
                 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994      Commission file number: 1-10434

              The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

                    Delaware                     13-1726769
         (State or other jurisdiction of      (I.R.S. Employer
         incorporation or organization)        Identification
                                                    No.)
             Pleasantville, New York                10570
         (Address of principal executive         (Zip Code)
                    offices)

 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (914) 238-1000

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                            Name of each exchange
             Title of each class              on which registered
       Class A Nonvoting Common Stock      New York Stock Exchange
          par value $.01 per share                     
                                                       
         Class B Voting Common Stock       New York Stock Exchange
          par value $.01 per share

Securities  registered  pursuant to Section  12(g)  of  the  Act:
None
                         ______________
                                
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of the registrant's
knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
amendment to this Form 10-K.  [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to
file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes [X]  No [   ]

The aggregate market value of registrant's voting stock held by
non-affiliates of registrant, at September 19, 1994, was
approximately $242,110,150, based on the closing price of
registrant's Class B Voting Stock on the New York Stock Exchange-
- -Composite Transactions on such date.

As of September 19, 1994, 92,229,152 shares of the registrant's
Class A Nonvoting Common Stock and 21,515,159 shares of the
registrant's Class B Voting Common Stock were outstanding.

               DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Annual Report to Stockholders of registrant for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 1994.  Certain information therein is incorporated
by reference into Part I and Part II hereof.

Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of
registrant to be held on November 11, 1994.  Certain information
therein is incorporated by reference into Part III hereof.

                        TABLE OF CONTENTS
                                

                                                                      Page
                                                                          
PART I                                                                    
                                                                          
   ITEM 1.  BUSINESS                                                     1
     Reader's Digest Magazine                                            2
      Circulation                                                        2
      Advertising                                                        4
      Editorial                                                          6
      Production and Fulfillment                                         7
      Licensed Editions                                                  7
     Books and Home Entertainment Products                               7
      Condensed Books                                                    8
      Series Books                                                       8
      General Books                                                      9
      Music                                                             10
      Video                                                             10
      Reader's Digest Young Families, Inc.                              11
      Production and Fulfillment                                        11
     Direct Mail Operations and Sweepstakes                             12
     Management Information Systems and List Enhancement                13
     Special Interest Magazines                                         14
     Other Businesses                                                   16
     Competition and Trademarks                                         16
     Employees                                                          17
     Executive Officers of the Company                                  17
     Additional Corporate Officers                                      19
                                                                          
   ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES                                                  19
     United States Properties                                           19
     International Properties                                           20
     General                                                            21
                                                                          
   ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS                                           21
                                                                          
   ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS         21
                                                                          
PART II                                                                   
                                                                          
   ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED             
          STOCKHOLDER MATTERS                                           22
                                                                          
   ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA                                     22
                                                                          
   ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL             
          CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION                            22
                                                                          
   ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA                 22
                                                                          
   ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS                 
          ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE                        22
                                                                          
                        TABLE OF CONTENTS
                           (Continued)

                                                                    Page
                                                                        
PART III                                                                
                                                                        
   ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT        22
                                                                        
   ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION                                    22
                                                                        
   ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS             
          AND MANAGEMENT                                              23
                                                                        
   ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS            23
                                                                        
PART IV                                                                 
                                                                        
   ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS         
          ON FORM 8-K                                                 23
                                                                        
   SIGNATURES                                                         26
                                                                        
   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES           27
                                                                        








  "Reader's Digest" is  a registered trademark of The Reader's
                    Digest Association, Inc.
                             PART I


ITEM 1.                       BUSINESS

     The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. ("RDA" and, together
with its subsidiaries, the "Company") is a global publisher and
direct mail marketer of magazines, books, recorded music
collections, home videos and other products.  DeWitt and Lila
Wallace founded Reader's Digest magazine in 1922.  Today, 45
editions of Reader's Digest in 17 languages are read in virtually
every country in the world by an estimated 100 million people
each month.

     The Company's operations are divided into four business
segments:  (1) Reader's Digest magazine, (2) books and home
entertainment products, (3) special interest magazines and (4)
other businesses.  For financial information by business segment,
see Note 16 to the Company's consolidated financial statements
appearing in the Company's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders,
which note is incorporated herein by reference.

     The sale of magazine subscriptions, Condensed Books, series
books, general books, music and video products, as well as
certain other products, is accomplished principally through
direct mail solicitations to households on the Company's customer
lists, usually accompanied by sweepstakes entries and, in some
cases, premium merchandise offers.  The Company's customer lists
are maintained on computer data bases throughout the world.  The
size and quality of the customer lists contribute significantly
to the Company's business.  The Company's United States customer
list includes about 50 million households, and its international
lists include a comparable number of households, in the
aggregate.  Approximately half of the households on the United
States list have purchased one or more products or received
services from the Company within the past two years.  The Company
does not rent or sell its customer lists to third parties.  The
Company's special interest magazines do rent their subscription
lists.

     The Company is one of the leading magazine and book
publishers in Europe, with operations in Austria, Belgium,
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, the
Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the
United Kingdom.  The Company also has operations in Australia,
Canada, Hong Kong, Mexico, New Zealand and South Africa and
publishes Reader's Digest in many other countries, including
Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Central America, Chile, Colombia, the
Czech Republic, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Japan, Malaysia,
Pakistan, Paraguay, Peru, the Philippines, Puerto Rico, the
Russian Federation, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand,
Uruguay and Venezuela.  Reader's Digest is also published in
Korea and India by licensees of the Company.

     Each of the Company's 16 principal international operating
subsidiaries is responsible for the full range of the Company's
businesses in its territory and separately maintains its own
customer list.  Editorial content of the international editions
of Reader's Digest, Condensed Books, general books, series books
and music and video products is also the responsibility of each
subsidiary and is generally a mix of material published by the
Company in the United States and other international markets,
adapted as appropriate, and material produced locally.  In this
manner, the Company's international subsidiaries are able to
respond to local markets and customer preferences in their local
languages.

     The Company's businesses are organized in three operating
groups -- Reader's Digest Europe, Reader's Digest U.S.A. and
Reader's Digest Pacific.  This structure recognizes the distinct
business needs and strategies appropriate in different markets
throughout the world.  For financial information by geographic
area, see Note 16 to the Company's consolidated financial
statements appearing in the Company's 1994 Annual Report to
Stockholders.

     RDA is a Delaware corporation that was originally
incorporated in New York in 1926 and was reincorporated in
Delaware in 1951.  The mailing address of its principal executive
offices is Pleasantville, New York  10570 and its telephone
number is (914) 238-1000.


Reader's Digest Magazine

     Reader's Digest magazine is a monthly, general interest
magazine consisting of original articles and previously published
articles in condensed form, a condensed version of a previously
published or soon-to-be published full-length book, monthly humor
columns, such as "Laughter, The Best Medicine(r)," "Life In These
United States(r),"  "Humor In Uniform(r)," "Campus Comedy(r)" and "All
In A Day's Work(r)", and other regular features, including "Heroes
For Today(r)," "It Pays To Enrich Your Word Power(r)" and "News From
The World Of Medicine(r)."  Reader's Digest began publication in
1922.  Today, Reader's Digest has a worldwide circulation of
approximately 27 million and an estimated 100 million readers
each month, generating revenues of $689,089,000 in fiscal 1994,
as compared with $720,047,000 in fiscal 1993 and $685,044,000 in
fiscal 1992.  The Company began publication of a Czech language
edition in October 1993 and over the next few years plans to
launch several new editions of Reader's Digest.  A Polish edition
is scheduled to start in May 1995.  International editions for
many years have contained a substantial amount of local and
international editorial material in addition to selections from
the United States edition.

     In September 1993, the ABC Television Network broadcast a
special program entitled "Reader's Digest:  On Television," which
was developed together by ABC and Reader's Digest and showcased
the editorial power of Reader's Digest and the variety of drama,
entertainment and information that appears in its pages each
month.  The Company continues to explore television to determine
the best way to proceed in this medium.


  Circulation

     Based on the most recent audit report issued by the Audit
Bureau of Circulation, Inc. ("ABC"), a not-for-profit
organization that monitors circulation in the United States and
Canada, the Company has determined that the United States edition
of Reader's Digest has the largest circulation of any United
States magazine, other than one that is automatically distributed
to all members of the American Association of Retired Persons.
Approximately 95% of the United States circulation of Reader's
Digest consists of subscriptions.  The balance consists of single
copy sales at newsstands and in supermarkets and similar
establishments.  In the United States, the newsstand price of
Reader's Digest is currently $2.25 per copy and the regular
subscription price is $22.46 per year, including delivery
charges.  The Company sells one-year subscriptions to Reader's
Digest, with the subscription price payable near the beginning of
the term of the subscription.

     The following table sets forth the global circulation rate
base of Reader's Digest, by edition, effective January 1994.

                                               Circulation
          Edition                               Rate Base
   Europe:
     Belgium--Flemish                             86,000
     Belgium--French                              94,000
     Czech Republic                               50,000
     Denmark                                     116,000
     Finland                                     337,000
     France                                    1,056,000
     Germany and Austria                       1,250,000
     Hungary                                     150,000
     Italy                                       541,000
     The Netherlands                             390,000
     Norway                                      197,000
     Portugal                                    250,000
     Russia                                      100,000
     Spain                                       107,000
     Sweden                                      201,000
     Switzerland--French                          85,000
     Switzerland--German                         245,000
     United Kingdom                            1,600,000

   Asia/Pacific:
     Australia                                   450,000
     Hong Kong and other Asia--Chinese           104,000
     Hong Kong and other Asia--English            73,000
     India--English                              364,000
     India--Hindi                                 18,000
     Korea                                       123,000
     Malaysia--English                            54,000
     New Zealand                                 150,000
     Philippines--English                         90,000
     Singapore--English                           60,000
     Taiwan--Chinese                             186,000

   North America:
     Canada--English                           1,231,000
     Canada--French                              317,000
     United States--English                   15,000,000
     United States--Spanish                      130,000

   Latin America:
     Argentina                                   127,000
     Brazil                                       56,000
     Central America                              35,000
     Chile                                        41,000
     Colombia                                     55,000
     Ecuador                                      10,000
     Mexico                                      620,000
     Peru                                         33,000
     Puerto Rico/Dominican Republic               60,000
     Uruguay/Paraguay/Bolivia                     38,000
     Venezuela                                    33,000

   Other:
     South Africa                                413,000
      Total                                   26,726,000

     Reader's Digest is truly a global magazine.  The European
editions together have the largest paid circulation of any
magazine in Europe.  The Latin American editions together have
the largest paid circulation of any magazine in Latin America.
The Asian/Pacific editions together have the largest paid
circulation of any magazine in that area of the world.  In
addition, Reader's Digest has the largest paid circulation of any
monthly general interest magazine in Australia, Belgium, Canada,
Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, the
Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Sweden, Switzerland
and the United Kingdom and several markets in South America and
Asia.  The global nature of Reader's Digest positions the Company
well to serve opening markets in Eastern Europe.  For most
international editions of Reader's Digest, subscriptions comprise
about 90% of circulation.  The balance is attributable to
newsstand and other retail sales.  The Latin American editions
are distributed exclusively through retail outlets, except for
the Mexican edition, which is sold principally through
subscriptions.

     The average annual subscription renewal rate for the United
States edition of Reader's Digest magazine, remained
approximately the same at 65% as of June 1994, compared with 66%
as of June 1993.  The current average renewal rates for
international editions are generally equivalent to the United
States rate, but are as high as 76% in Finland, 75% in
Switzerland, 74% in Germany and Portugal, 73% in Belgium and 70%
in Australia and Korea.

     The Company maintains its circulation rate base through
annual subscription renewals and new subscriptions.  The
circulation rate base for the United States--English edition was
reduced from 16,250,000 to 15,000,000 effective with the January
1994 issue.  In the United States, the Company sells
approximately five million new subscriptions each year in order
to maintain its circulation rate base.  New subscriptions are
sold primarily by direct mail, with extensive use of sweepstakes
entries and, in some cases, premium merchandise offers.  As is
customary in the industry, new subscriptions are generally
offered at a discount from both the newsstand price and the
regular subscription price of Reader's Digest.  The largest
percentage of subscriptions is sold between July and December of
each year.  Many of these subscriptions are purchased by current
subscribers as gifts for others as part of the Company's
Christmas promotion.  The Company also conducts its largest
mailings of introductory offers to non-subscribers during this
period.  The Company receives a small portion of its subscription
orders from unrelated subscription sellers.  Subscriptions to
Reader's Digest may be canceled at any time.  If a customer
cancels during the term of a subscription, the Company refunds
the portion of the subscription price that relates to issues not
yet shipped.

     Worldwide revenues from circulation accounted for
$553,849,000, or 80% of the total revenues of Reader's Digest
magazine, in the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.


  Advertising

     The following table sets forth the number of advertising
pages carried by Reader's Digest and its advertising revenues
(before deducting discounts and commissions) in the United States
and internationally for each of the last five fiscal years.
United States figures are as reported by Publishers Information
Bureau, Inc. ("PIB"), an independent organization that analyzes
and reports on monthly advertising space and revenues in general
circulation magazines and newspaper supplements.  International
figures are estimated by the Company based on data contained in
the LNA/Rome Report of Expenditures in International Media, a
compilation of selected international advertising activity.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    Number of          Gross
                                   Advertising      Advertising
                                  Pages Carried     Revenues <F1>
   <S>                                  <C>       <C>
   1994:
     United States Edition                 837     $118,480,000
     All International Editions<F2>     11,772      116,307,700
        Total                           12,609     $234,787,700

   1993:
     United States Edition               1,042     $138,101,000
     All International Editions<F2>     12,829      120,230,500
        Total                           13,871     $258,331,500

   1992:
     United States Edition                 852     $104,148,700
     All International Editions<F2>     13,001      114,956,800
        Total                           13,853     $219,105,500

   1991:
     United States Edition                 945    $  99,997,400
     All International Editions<F2>     13,242      107,070,900
        Total                           14,187     $207,068,300

   1990:
     United States Edition               1,120     $116,631,400
     All International Editions<F2>     14,986      105,413,800
        Total                           16,106     $222,045,200

__________
<FN>
<F1>
(1) Gross advertising revenues are computed from basic one-
    time rates and the number of advertising pages carried and,
    therefore, exceed actual advertising revenues as included in
    the Company's financial statements.  Actual advertising
    revenues reflect lower rates for multiple insertion, volume
    discounts and cash discounts.
<F2>
(2) Includes United States Spanish language edition.
</FN>
</TABLE>

     Reader's Digest maintains an average ratio of editorial
pages to advertising pages of not less than 60/40, which is among
the highest in the publishing industry, based on statistics
published by Hall's Magazine Report, a trade report.  In order to
maintain this ratio, Reader's Digest will add additional
editorial pages to issues which contain a greater number of
advertising pages.  The Company believes that the editorial
quality of Reader's Digest is the principal factor responsible
for its high subscription base.  Because Reader's Digest is
circulation-driven rather than advertising-driven, its revenue
base is less vulnerable to adverse trends in the advertising
industry than are those of many other magazines.

     The United States and the larger international editions of
Reader's Digest offer advertisers different regional editions,
major market editions and demographic editions.  These editions,
containing the same editorial material, permit advertisers to
concentrate their advertising in specific markets or to target
specific audiences.  Reader's Digest sells advertising in both
the United States and international editions principally through
an internal advertising sales force.  The Company sells
advertisements in multiple editions worldwide, and offers
advertisers discounts for placing advertisements in more than one
edition.

     Worldwide revenues from advertising accounted for
$135,240,000, or 20% of the total revenues of Reader's Digest
magazine, in the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.

  Editorial

     Reader's Digest is a reader-driven, family magazine.
Editorial content is, therefore, crucial to the loyal subscriber
base that constitutes the cornerstone of the Company's
operations.  The editorial goal of Reader's Digest is to inform,
enrich, entertain and inspire.  The articles, book section and
features included in Reader's Digest cover a broad range of
contemporary issues and reflect an awareness of traditional
values.  Unlike many magazines, Reader's Digest offers reprints
of many articles in response to reader demand.  In fiscal 1994,
the Company sold almost six million reprints.

     The United States editions on average contain about 160
editorial pages, among the highest of any major magazine, as
reported by Hall's Magazine Report.  The table of contents is
printed on the front cover of each issue in order to stress
editorial content.  The compact size of the magazine complements
the concise editorial presentation and has, over many years,
become a principal distinguishing aspect of the appearance of
Reader's Digest.

     The editorial content of the articles in Reader's Digest
continually evolves so as to retain a relevant and contemporary
flavor and cover a variety of subjects.  Many of the longstanding
features in Reader's Digest magazine, such as the humor columns
and the Drama In Real Life(r) articles, are widely recognized by a
substantial portion of the reading public in the United States
and in other countries in which Reader's Digest is well
established.

     Approximately half the selections in Reader's Digest are
original articles written by staff writers or free-lance writers.
The balance are selected from existing published sources.  All
material is condensed by Reader's Digest editors.  In the United
States, editorial staff members read approximately 600
publications each month in order to identify selections suitable
for condensation and reprinting in Reader's Digest.  The Company
then obtains necessary copyrights or permissions from the authors
and publishers.  Reader's Digest solicits anecdotes and humor
from its readers, to whom it pays a fee upon publication.  In
fiscal 1994, the Company received more than 280,000 reader
contributions.  The Company's art editors commission original
illustrations and photographs to accompany editorial selections.

     The Company employs a professional staff for research and
fact-checking and believes that its research and fact-checking
standards are among the highest in the publishing industry.  All
published pieces are researched and checked prior to publication,
including condensed versions of articles previously published by
others and anecdotes contributed by readers.

     Each international edition has a local editorial staff
responsible for the editorial content of the edition.  The mix of
locally generated editorial material, material taken from the
United States edition and material taken from other international
editions varies greatly among editions.  In general, the
Company's larger international editions, for example, in Canada,
France, Germany and the United Kingdom, carry more original or
locally adapted material than do smaller editions.


  Production and Fulfillment

     All editions of Reader's Digest are printed by independent
third parties.  The United States edition is currently printed by
one printer at its location in New York State.  In September
1994, the Company signed a new 10-year printing agreement with
another printer, commencing in late 1996, to produce the United
States edition at its Pennsylvania location.  The Company has had
a longstanding relationship with the current and future printers
of the United States edition and with the printers of most of the
international editions, some of whom are also publishers of other
magazines that compete with Reader's Digest.  Nonetheless, the
Company believes that generally there is an adequate supply of
alternative printing services available to the Company at
competitive prices, should the need arise.  The Company has
developed plans to minimize recovery time in the event of a
disaster at an existing printing facility.

     The principal raw materials used in the publication of
Reader's Digest are coated and uncoated paper.  The Company has
supply contracts with a number of suppliers of paper in the
United States.  Each international edition separately contracts
for a supply of paper.  In addition, the Company has entered into
arrangements for paper with European paper supply companies, upon
which any of the international editions may draw.  These
arrangements permit Reader's Digest to qualify for volume
discounts for which each international edition alone would not be
eligible.  The Company believes that its existing supply
contracts provide an adequate supply of paper for its needs and
that, in any event, alternative sources are available at
competitive prices.  Paper prices are affected by a variety of
factors, including demand, capacity, pulp supply, and general
economic conditions.

     Subscription copies of the United States edition of Reader's
Digest are delivered through the United States Postal Service as
second class mail.  Subscription copies of international editions
are also delivered through the postal service in each country.
For additional information about postal rates and service, see
"Direct Mail Operations and Sweepstakes."

     Newsstand and other retail distribution is accomplished
through a distribution network.  The Company has contracted in
each country with a magazine distributor for the distribution of
Reader's Digest.  The Company gives credit for unsold copies of
Reader's Digest each month, as is customary in the industry.  The
United States retail circulation of Reader's Digest is
approximately 800,000 per month.  Many retail buyers of Reader's
Digest subsequently become subscribers.


  Licensed Editions

     Three international editions--the Korean and the two Indian
editions--are not produced by subsidiaries of the Company, but
rather are published by third parties to whom the Company has
licensed the right to publish Reader's Digest and use the
Company's trademarks.  The Reader's Digest Fund for the Blind,
Inc., a New York not-for-profit corporation, publishes a large-
type edition of Reader's Digest, pursuant to a royalty-free
license.  The Company also licenses, royalty-free, the right to
publish a braille edition and a recorded edition of Reader's
Digest.  Revenues from licensed editions are not material.


Books and Home Entertainment Products

     The Company publishes and markets, principally by direct
mail, Reader's Digest Condensed Books, series books, general
books created by the Company or acquired from third parties,
recorded music collections and home video products.  See "Direct
Mail Operations and Sweepstakes."


  Condensed Books

     Reader's Digest Condensed Books is a continuing series of
condensed versions of current popular fiction and, to a limited
extent, nonfiction.  Condensation reduces the length of an
existing text, while retaining the author's style, integrity and
purpose.  Condensed Books appeal especially to consumers who have
limited reading time and enjoy the convenience of direct-mail
purchasing.  Also, the price of a Condensed Book is a fraction of
the total retail price of the individual titles, if purchased
separately.  The Company began publishing Condensed Books in
1950.  Today, 15 editions of Condensed Books published in 12
languages are marketed in 23 countries.  The Company sells about
20 million copies of Condensed Books annually.  In fiscal 1994,
Condensed Books generated worldwide revenues of $363,924,000, as
compared with $352,305,000 in fiscal 1993 and $340,246,000 in
fiscal 1992.

     Each Condensed Books volume typically contains condensed
versions of four recently published books, which are selected and
condensed by the Company's staff of Condensed Books editors and
copy editors.  Condensed Books are illustrated by free-lance
artists.  Recent works which have appeared as Condensed Books in
the United States include Fatal Cure, by Robin Cook, Decider, by
Dick Francis, I'll Be Seeing You, by Mary Higgins Clark, and
Having Our Say, by Sarah and A. Elizabeth Delany with Amy Hill
Hearth.  The Company publishes the condensed version
approximately three to six months after publication of the full-
length version.

     International editions of Condensed Books generally include
some material from the United States edition or from other
international editions, translated and edited as appropriate, and
some condensations of locally published works.  Each local
editorial staff determines whether existing Condensed Books
selections are appropriate for their local market.

     Each volume of Condensed Books will usually contain a
variety of types of works.  Works included may be by well-known
or less well-known authors.  The Company's research indicates
that readers do not consider the relative fame of the author to
be important to their enjoyment of a particular selection.  The
Company selects works that reflect the traditional values with
which the Company and Condensed Books have always been
associated.

     The Company publishes six volumes of Condensed Books a year
in the United States.  Some of the Company's international
subsidiaries also publish six volumes a year, while others
publish five.  Condensed Books are marketed as an open-ended
series.  The Company automatically ships a volume to each
established Condensed Books customer every two to three months
until a cancellation is received.  New customers are solicited
primarily by direct mail, with extensive use of sweepstakes
entries and premium merchandise offers.  See "Direct Mail
Operations and Sweepstakes."


  Series Books

     The Company also markets series books typically in the same
manner as Condensed Books, in that the first book is offered free
of charge, and subsequent books are automatically shipped until
the Company receives a cancellation.  Series books are published
in two types:  reading series and illustrated series.  Some of
the Company's book series are open-ended continuing series, while
others consist of a limited number of volumes.  The Company sells
about nine million copies of series books annually.  In fiscal
1994, series books generated worldwide revenues of $214,949,000,
as compared with $228,761,000 in fiscal 1993 and $190,737,000 in
fiscal 1992.

     Previously launched reading series in the United States
include World's Best Reading, consisting of full-length editions
of classic works of literature, of which six volumes are
published each year, and Great Biographies, a 15-volume series of
condensed versions of biographies of famous historical figures.
Today's Best Nonfictionr, introduced in June 1989, is published
five times per year.  Each volume contains condensed versions of
four contemporary works of nonfiction.  Recent selections include
D-Day:  June 6, 1944, by Stephen E. Ambrose, The Fifties, by
David Halberstam, Den of Lions, by Terry Anderson, and Days of
Grace, by Arthur Ashe and Arnold Rampersad.

     Illustrated series, which are marketed in the United States
and several other countries, include The Reader's Digest American
Medical Association Home Medical Library, People and Places of
the World, and Successful Gardening.  In addition, the Vie
Sauvage illustrated series is marketed in seven countries outside
of the United States.  Illustrated series are generally closed
ended.

     Series books are published in nine languages and marketed in
18 countries.  The Company's global publishing group coordinates
the development of books that are considered likely to have
global consumer appeal and that will require only limited
adaptation for use in different countries.  Today's Best
Nonfiction and World's Best Reading were introduced during fiscal
1990 and 1991 by some of the Company's international operating
subsidiaries.  Currently, Today's Best Nonfiction is published in
10 countries in three languages and World's Best Reading is
published in 11 countries in four languages.  Additional book
series are in various stages of development or testing in the
United States and internationally.


  General Books

     The Company's general books consist primarily of reference
books, cookbooks, "how-to" and "do-it-yourself" books, songbooks,
and books on subjects such as history, travel, religion, health,
nature and the home.  The Company's most successful books are
Book of the Road, Do-It-Yourself, You and the Law, Great World
Atlas, and the Illustrated Guide to Gardening.  Many of these
titles, along with the more recent Practical Problem Solver,
reflect the Company's strategy of producing books with global
appeal--the ability to generate strong sales throughout the world
with only limited adaptation.  Six of the Company's titles have
sold in excess of five million copies worldwide.  In the United
States alone, the Company has had eight "million-seller" books in
the last five fiscal years.  The Company sold more than 27
million copies of general books in fiscal 1994.  General books
are published in 12 languages and are marketed in 31 countries.
In fiscal 1994, general books generated worldwide revenues of
$755,165,000, as compared with $826,445,000 in fiscal 1993 and
$770,533,000 in fiscal 1992.

     New books are generally original Reader's Digest books but
may also be books acquired from other publishers.  During the
development period for an original Reader's Digest book, the
Company conducts extensive research and prepares an appropriate
marketing strategy for each book.

     The Company enjoys a reputation for producing books of
editorial accuracy and high quality within the genres in which
the Company publishes.  Prepublication testing and the Company's
customer lists provide statistical data supporting the projected
market for the proposed book before substantial expenses are
incurred for the creation of the book.  Moreover, the Company is
able to generate through its customer lists average sales per
title that are, based on published reports, considered high in
the publishing industry, which permits editorial expense to be
absorbed over a larger number of units.

     The typical initial print order for a Reader's Digest book
in the United States is several hundred thousand copies.
Although most sales of a general book will result from the
initial bulk promotional mailing, substantial additional sales
occur through subsequent promotions, catalog sales and the use of
sales inserts in mailings for other Reader's Digest products.
The Company also distributes a small portion of its books for
retail sale in bookstores, through third-party distributors.

     The Company's global publishing group coordinates the
development of books that are considered likely to have global
consumer appeal and that will require only limited adaptation for
use in different countries.  International subsidiaries acquire
some of their general book titles from the Company in the United
States or from other international subsidiaries.

     The Company is pursuing the use of electronic media and new
technologies, such as  CD-ROM and computer on-line services.  In
September 1994, the Company announced an agreement with Microsoft
Corporation to produce original multimedia software for home
computer users based on editorial content of the Company's best-
selling books.  The CD-ROM will be marketed by both companies and
will carry both the Reader's Digest(r) and the Microsoft(r) Home
brand names.  Under the agreement, the Company has global direct
mail rights and Microsoft Corporation has worldwide retail rights
to the product.


  Music

     The Company publishes recorded music packages, which it
sells by direct mail on cassettes and compact discs.  The music
packages are generally collections of previously recorded
material by a variety of artists, which the Company combines in a
particular collection.  The collections span a broad range of
musical styles, including classical, country, popular
contemporary, jazz, rock 'n' roll, easy listening and religious
music.  All of the Company's music packages are multi-unit sets,
typically including three to four cassettes or the equivalent on
compact discs.  Two of the Company's music products, consisting
of multiple cassettes or compact discs, have sold 1,500,000 sets,
the equivalent of over 10 million cassettes by music industry
standards.  Several other collections have each sold in excess of
1,000,000 sets.  In certain markets, the Company also sells music
series, which are marketed in the same manner as Condensed Books
and series books.  The Company sold more than nine million music
sets in fiscal 1994.  In fiscal 1994, music products generated
worldwide revenues of $392,370,000, as compared with $399,944,000
in fiscal 1993 and $349,148,000 in fiscal 1992.

     In addition to obtaining the rights to existing recordings,
the Company also conducts recording sessions, principally of
popular contemporary, classical and light classical orchestral
and choral selections, in order to create its own library of
recordings for use in its music packages.  There are currently
more than 15,000 selections in the Company's library.  The
Company anticipates, however, that most of the recordings
included in its packages will continue to be obtained from third
parties under royalty agreements.

     The marketing strategy for music packages is similar to that
for general books.  Extensive preproduction research is conducted
to help identify saleable music products and potential purchasers
within the Company's customer lists.

     The Company markets music products in 20 countries.  Music
products cannot generally be adapted for use in diverse
international markets to the same extent as general books.  The
cost of creating a music package, however, is less than the cost
of creating a book.  The Company generally markets different
music products in each international market, although many music
concepts and series have been adapted for other markets.

     The Company utilizes the services of one contractor for a
substantial portion of its supply of music products in the United
States.  It believes that the same services are readily available
from other sources on competitive terms.


  Video

     The Company began producing home video products in 1986 and
is currently expanding its video operations.  The Company's home
video products are in genres similar to its general books.
Several original video products have won awards of excellence,
including three Emmy awards, and have appeared on the Disney
Channel and the Discovery Channel.  The Company sold more than
four million home video products in fiscal 1994. The Company
continues to expand its video operations in international markets
and is presently marketing video products in the United States
and 16 other countries.  Most of the Company's original video
programs have been leased to cable television networks.  The
Company has also begun to sell its home video products through
retail establishments.  In fiscal 1994, home video products
generated worldwide revenues of $173,889,000, as compared with
$150,611,000 in fiscal 1993 and $94,105,000 in fiscal 1992.


  Reader's Digest Young Families, Inc.

     During fiscal 1994, the Company established Reader's Digest
Young Families, Inc., a new wholly owned subsidiary that creates
and markets children's books and home entertainment products.
The new subsidiary brings together in one stand-alone operation
the business of Joshua Morris Publishing, Inc., a book publisher
acquired in 1991, and the publishing imprint of Reader's Digest
Kids(r).  Reader's Digest Young Families publishes books in 25
languages and is introducing more than 40 titles for the fall
1994 season.


  Production and Fulfillment

     The various editions of Condensed Books are printed and
bound by third-party contractors, most of whom have had
longstanding relationships with the Company.  The Company owns
the printing press and certain other equipment at the printing
facility for the United States edition of Condensed Books.  The
Company solicits bids for the printing and binding of each
general book or book series.  Production and manufacture of music
and video products is typically accomplished through third
parties.

     The principal raw material necessary for the publication of
Condensed Books, series books and general books is paper.  The
Company has a number of paper supply arrangements relating to
paper for Condensed Books.  Paper for series books and general
books is purchased for each printing.  The Company believes that
existing contractual and other available sources of paper provide
an adequate supply at competitive prices.  Third parties arrange
for the acquisition of some of the necessary raw materials for
the manufacture of music and video products.

     Fulfillment, warehousing and payment processing are
conducted principally by independent contractors.  Most of the
Company's products are packaged and delivered to the Postal
Service directly by the printer or supplier.  For information
about postal rates and service, see "Direct Mail Operations and
Sweepstakes."

     In all of the Company's direct mail sales, a customer may
return any book or home entertainment product to the Company
either prior to payment or after payment for a refund.  The
Company believes that its returned goods policy is essential to
its reputation and also elicits a greater number of orders, many
of which are not returned because of the generally high
satisfaction rate of consumers with the Company's products.
Nonetheless, this policy and a "first book free" policy for
Condensed Books and series books result in a significant amount
of returned goods.

     Sales of the Company's books and home entertainment products
are seasonal to some extent.  In the direct mail industry as a
whole, the winter months have traditionally had higher consumer
response than other times of the year.  Sales are also higher
during the pre-Christmas season than in spring and summer.


Direct Mail Operations and Sweepstakes

     The sale of magazine subscriptions, Condensed Books, series
books, general books, music and video products, as well as
certain other products, is accomplished principally through
direct mail solicitations to households on the Company's customer
lists, usually accompanied by sweepstakes entries and, in some
cases, premium merchandise offers.  For many years the Company
has been acknowledged as a pioneer and innovator in the direct
mail industry.  The Company was among the first to use
sweepstakes in conjunction with its mailings and to employ
certain information management techniques designed to increase
the accuracy of mailing lists and eliminate duplicate entries.

     A typical Reader's Digest direct mail promotion includes
literature about the product being promoted, which may be
Reader's Digest magazine, Condensed Books, a book series, or an
individual book, music or video product, and also includes an
order form and a sweepstakes entry.  Many promotions offer a
"premium," which is a small gift item, such as a road atlas, at
no additional charge, if the consumer purchases the product being
promoted.  Some include an eye-catching item visible from the
outside of the envelope, such as a coin, a key or a miniature
license plate.  Each of these devices helps to increase the
number of consumers who read the promotional material, which in
turn increases the "pull," or the number of orders received in
response to a mailing, according to the Company's research.

     To promote the sale of its products in the United States,
the Company offers in its promotional mailings participation in
an annual sweepstakes, whose prizes totaled $12,000,000 for the
1994 edition and will total about $13,000,000 for 1995.  The
grand prize is generally $5,000,000 payable in cash installments.
Prizes may be supplemented based on various criteria such as the
promptness of the response.  A consumer need not order a product
to return a valid sweepstakes entry.  Generally, each of the
Company's international subsidiaries sponsors its own
sweepstakes, the mechanics of which vary from jurisdiction to
jurisdiction, depending upon local law.

     The Company has from time to time been party to
administrative proceedings or court actions with respect to its
direct mail practices and its use of sweepstakes.  In the United
States, the Company is a party to consent decrees (the "Consent
Decrees") with the Federal Trade Commission, dating from the
early 1960's.  The Company believes that many of the provisions
of the Consent Decrees represent the Federal Trade Commission's
current interpretation of applicable law, and as such, are
equally applicable to all direct mail companies and promotional
sweepstakes.  The Company does not believe that the additional
requirements to which it is subject have an adverse effect on its
ability to compete with other direct mail marketers.

     From time to time, the Company is involved in proceedings
concerning its direct mail promotions.  Although existing laws
and regulations governing direct mail operations and sweepstakes
limit certain aspects of the Company's business, especially in
certain European jurisdictions, the Company believes that the
present regulatory restrictions in the jurisdictions in which it
operates do not prevent the Company from employing the direct
mail and promotion incentive tools necessary to its business.
The Company cannot predict, however, future laws or regulations
which may be enacted or implemented in the jurisdictions in which
it operates.  More restrictive laws or regulations governing
sweepstakes or direct mail, which have been considered in some
jurisdictions, principally in Europe, could adversely affect the
business of the Company in those jurisdictions.

     The Company is subject to postal rate increases that affect
its product deliveries, promotional mailings and billings.  In
the United States, delivery charges are stated separately on
bills for Reader's Digest subscriptions, books and home
entertainment products.  In many international jurisdictions,
however, delivery charges must be included in the price of the
product.  Moreover, postal rate increases for promotional
mailings and billings can be recouped by the Company only
indirectly, mainly through price increases.  Postage is one of
the Company's largest expenses in its promotional and billing
activities.  In the past, the Company has had sufficient advance
notice of most increases in postal rates so that the higher rates
could be factored into the Company's pricing strategies and
operating plans.  Increased prices (or increased delivery charges
paid by customers) may have a negative effect on sales.  The
Company may, therefore, be unable to recover the full amount of
postal rate increases from its customers, particularly rate
increases for promotional mailings.  The Company attempts to
contain postal expenses by the use of pre-sorting and other cost
saving measures.

     The Company relies on postal delivery service in the
jurisdictions in which it operates for timely delivery of its
products and promotional mailings.  In the United States,
delivery service is generally satisfactory.  Some international
jurisdictions, however, experience periodic work stoppages in
postal delivery service or less than adequate postal efficiency.
The Company has from time to time experienced such problems in
several countries.  Although these problems have not had a
significant impact on the Company, there can be no assurance that
generally favorable conditions will continue.  Delayed delivery
of the Company's products may result in an increased rate of
subscription cancellations or reduced rate of renewals for
Reader's Digest magazine and a higher rate of returned goods for
books and home entertainment products.  In addition, marketing
strategies depend on certain promotional mailings arriving at
consumers' homes on certain dates.  Delayed delivery of
promotional mailings can significantly affect the pull of a given
mailing.  The Company devotes substantial time to its relations
with postal authorities in the jurisdictions in which it
operates.

     In some states in the United States and in some foreign
jurisdictions, some or all of the Company's products are subject
to sales tax or value added tax.  Tax, like delivery, is
generally stated separately on bills where permitted by
applicable law.  Nonetheless, tax increases or imposition of new
taxes will increase the total cost to the customer and thus may
have a negative effect on sales.  Moreover, in jurisdictions
where applicable tax must be included in the purchase price, the
Company may be unable to fully recover from customers the amount
of any tax increase or new tax.


Management Information Systems and List Enhancement

     The size and quality of the Company's customer list in each
country in which it operates contribute significantly to its
business and the Company is constantly striving to improve its
lists.  The Company's lists contain, in addition to names and
addresses, demographic, promotional and purchase history data
accumulated about its customers, which the Company uses in its
product development and marketing efforts.  The Company believes
that its United States list of about 50 million households, over
half the total number of households in the country, is one of the
largest mail response lists in the United States.  The Company's
international lists include a comparable number of households, in
the aggregate.  Approximately half of the households on the
United States list have purchased one or more products or
received services from the Company within the last two years.
Unlike many publishers, the Company does not rent or sell its
lists to third parties.  The Company's special interest magazines
do rent their subscription lists.

     The Company maintains all of its customer lists on computer.
The Company maintains extensive security at all of its data
sites, keeps backup copies of its customer lists off-site and
maintains fully operational backup data processing facilities.

     The Company is making and will continue to make significant
investments in management information systems in order to improve
its operating efficiencies, increase the level of service
provided to its customer base and facilitate globalization of the
Company.

     List management activity is limited in some international
subsidiaries because local jurisdictions, particularly in Europe,
have data protection laws or regulations prohibiting or limiting
the exchange of such information.  Certain jurisdictions also
prohibit the retention of information, other than certain basic
facts, about noncurrent customers.  Although data protection laws
may hinder the Company's list enhancement capacity, the Company
believes that current laws and regulations do not prevent the
Company from engaging in activities necessary to its business.
The Company cannot predict the scope of any future data
protection laws or their effect on the Company's business.


Special Interest Magazines

     In fiscal 1987, the Company began a program to acquire
special interest magazines that the Company deems consistent with
its image, editorial philosophy and market expertise.  Travel
Holiday(r) magazine (acquired in December 1986) is a practical
travel magazine aimed at middle income travelers.  The Family
Handyman(r) magazine (acquired in December 1987) provides
instructions and guidance for "do-it-yourself" home improvement
projects.  New Choices For Retirement Living(r) magazine (acquired
in January 1988) is aimed at active, mature readers and provides
information on entertainment, travel, health and leisure time
activities.  American Health(r) magazine (acquired in February
1990) provides helpful information on medicine, nutrition,
psychology and fitness.  These magazines are sold by
subscription.  The Family Handyman and American Health are also
sold on newsstands.  In addition, Travel Holiday is distributed
to members of a travel club, which also provides its members with
various other benefits, such as travel insurance.  Like most
magazines, the Company's special interest magazines are highly
dependent on advertising revenue, and are therefore susceptible
to negative trends in the demand for advertising.  Each of these
magazines publishes 10 issues per year.  In fiscal 1990, the
Company expanded its special interest magazine business to the
United Kingdom, with the acquisition of Moneywise magazine, a
magazine devoted to helping families manage their finances.

     The following table sets forth the circulation rate base of
each of the Company's United States special interest magazines as
of the end of each of the last five fiscal years, as well as the
number of advertising pages carried and the advertising revenues
(before deducting discounts and commissions) for those fiscal
years.  Circulation rate base data is as reported to ABC and
advertising data is as reported by PIB.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           Number of         Gross
                          Circulation     Advertising     Advertising
                           Rate Base     Pages Carried   Revenues <F1>
<S>                            <C>               <C>    <C> 
The Family Handyman<F2>:
     1994                      1,000,000         508    $15,333,200
     1993                      1,000,000         467     12,982,200
     1992                      1,000,000         439     10,779,600
     1991                      1,000,000         441     11,230,800
     1990                      1,300,000         378      8,995,200
Travel Holiday:
     1994                        575,000         589     13,566,500
     1993                        550,000         521     10,507,700
     1992                        550,000         458      8,887,500
     1991                        550,000         450      8,098,900
     1990                        550,000         413      6,980,400
New Choices For Retirement Living:
     1994                        575,000         417     11,486,300
     1993                        575,000         384     10,179,800
     1992                        575,000         324      7,065,800
     1991                        575,000         323      6,757,300
     1990                        575,000         381      7,408,400
American Health<F3>:
     1994                        800,000         443     11,822,100
     1993                        800,000         433     10,144,100
     1992                        800,000         424      9,213,300
     1991                        800,000         295      5,904,700
     1990                        800,000         603     11,541,500

____________
<FN>
<F1>
(1) Gross advertising revenues are computed from basic one-
    time rates and the number of advertising pages carried and,
    therefore, exceed actual advertising revenues as included in
    the Company's financial statements.  Actual advertising
    revenues reflect lower rates for multiple insertion, volume
    discounts and cash discounts.
<F2>
(2) The circulation rate base was reduced to 1,000,000
    effective in January 1991.

<F3>
(3) Acquired by the Company in February 1990.
</FN>
</TABLE>

     Moneywise had a circulation rate base of 114,000, 100,000,
86,000, 86,000 and 45,000 as of the end of fiscal 1994, 1993,
1992, 1991 and 1990, respectively.

     Of total revenues of $90,607,000 for the Company's special
interest magazines in fiscal 1994, 60% was generated by
circulation revenues and 40% by advertising revenues.  At July 1,
1994, The Family Handyman had a cover price of $2.25 and a basic
annual subscription price of $19.97, Travel Holiday had a basic
annual subscription price of $12.97, New Choices For Retirement
Living had a basic annual subscription price of $18.97, and
American Health had a cover price of $1.95 and a basic annual
subscription price of $18.97.

     Since acquiring each magazine, the Company has upgraded
editorial quality, effected changes in personnel, revised
marketing strategies and created a management infrastructure.
The U.S. magazines are promoted to the Company's U.S. customer
list and the Company's other products are promoted to each
magazine's customer list, as appropriate.  The Company believes
that this strategy will help to expand the Company's customer
base for all of its products.

     The Company is working with software developers and computer
on-line services to adapt its magazines to new technologies.
Within the past year, The Family Handyman has become available
through The CompuServe Information Service and Travel Holiday
became available through America Online and through the
Electronic Newsstand on the Internet.

     The Company has made and continues to make expenditures in
its special interest magazines with a view toward long-term
growth.  When appropriate, the Company will also discontinue
publication of a magazine.  Although the Company does not have
any current plans with respect to any acquisitions of additional
magazines, it will make additional acquisitions if and when
appropriate magazines become available on terms the Company finds
satisfactory.


Other Businesses

     In some markets, the Company also sells other products by
direct mail, principally language courses (consisting of written
materials and cassettes) and globes.  Revenues from these
activities are not material to the Company's business.

     The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, QSP, Inc. ("QSP"), is
in the business of assisting schools and youth groups in their
fundraising efforts.  QSP's staff helps schools and youth groups
prepare fundraising campaigns in which participants sell magazine
subscriptions, music and video products, books, food and gifts.
QSP derives its revenue from a portion of the proceeds of each
sale.  Several hundred publishers (including the Company) make
magazine subscriptions available to QSP at a substantial
discount.  QSP also obtains discounted music products from a
large music publisher.  Processing of magazine subscription
orders and payments is performed for QSP by an independent
contractor.  The Company's Canadian subsidiary is a 50% owner of
a Canadian company which engages in Canada in the same type of
fundraising activities as QSP.  The other 50% is owned by another
large Canadian publisher.


Competition and Trademarks

     Although Reader's Digest magazine is a unique and well-
established institution in the magazine publishing industry, it
competes with other magazines for subscribers and with magazines
and all other media, including radio and television, for
advertising.  The Company believes that the extensive and
longstanding international operations of Reader's Digest provide
the Company with a significant advantage over competitors seeking
to establish a global publication.

     The Company owns numerous trademarks that it uses in its
business worldwide.  Its two most important trademarks are
"Reader's Digest" and the "Pegasus" logo.  The Company believes
that the name recognition, reputation and image that it has
developed in each of its markets significantly enhance customer
response to the Company's direct mail sales promotions.
Accordingly, trademarks are important to the Company's business
and the Company aggressively defends its trademarks.

     The Company believes that its name, image and reputation, as
well as the quality of its customer lists, provide a significant
competitive advantage over many other direct mail marketers.
However, the Company's books and home entertainment products
business is in competition with companies selling similar
products at retail as well as by direct mail.  Because tests show
that consumers' responses to direct mail promotions can be
adversely affected by the overall volume of direct mail
promotions, the Company is also in competition with all other
direct mail marketers, regardless of whether the products being
offered are similar to the Company's products.  The Company
believes that it has greater resources than many of its direct
mail competitors, and that, consequently, it is better able to
withstand potential negative industry trends, such as postal rate
increases.

     Each of the Company's special interest magazines is in
competition with other magazines of the same genre for readers
and advertising.  Nearly all of the Company's products compete
with other products and services that utilize leisure activity
time or disposable income.


Employees

     As of June 30, 1994, the Company employed approximately
6,700 persons worldwide.  Approximately 2,500 were employed in
the United States and 4,200 were employed by the Company's
international subsidiaries.  The Company's relationship with its
employees is generally satisfactory.


Executive Officers of the Company

     The following paragraphs set forth the name, age and offices
with the Company of each present executive officer of the
Company, the period during which each executive officer has
served as such and each executive officer's business experience
during the past five years:


       Name and Age           Positions and Offices With the Company
                            
George V. Grune  (65)       Mr. Grune is Chairman of the Board of the
                            Company.  He served as Chairman and Chief
                            Executive Officer from 1984 through July
                            1994, when he retired as Chief Executive
                            Officer upon reaching age 65.  Mr. Grune
                            has been a member of the Board of
                            Directors of the Company since 1976.  He
                            joined the Company in 1960.
                            
James P. Schadt  (56)       Mr. Schadt was elected Chief Executive
                            Officer of the Company effective August
                            1994 and continues as President.  He
                            joined the Company as President and Chief
                            Operating Officer and was elected to the
                            Board of Directors of the Company in
                            September 1991.  He was a member of the
                            board of directors of Cadbury Schweppes
                            plc of London and Chief Executive Officer
                            of its worldwide beverage business,
                            Cadbury Beverages, Inc., from 1986
                            through July 1991.
                            
Melvin R. Laird  (72)       Mr. Laird has been a member of the Board
                            of Directors of the Company since 1990.
                            He has served as Senior Counsellor since
                            1974 and was elected to the additional
                            position of Vice President in 1989.  Mr.
                            Laird joined the Company in 1974.
                            
Kenneth A.H. Gordon  (57)   Mr. Gordon has been President, Reader's
                            Digest U.S.A., since July 1993.  In
                            addition, having been a Vice President of
                            the Company since 1982, he became a
                            Senior Vice President in January 1994.
                            He was President, International Group
                            from October 1989 to June 1993.  He
                            joined the Company in 1960.
                            

       Name and Age          Positions and Offices With the Company
                            
Heikki K. Helenius  (52)    Mr. Helenius has been President, Reader's
                            Digest Europe and Vice President of the
                            Company since July 1993.  He was Vice
                            President, International Group from
                            January 1992 to June 1993 and was
                            Managing Director of the Company's
                            Finnish subsidiary prior thereto.  Mr.
                            Helenius joined the Company in 1972.
                            
Martin J. Pearson  (47)     Mr. Pearson, who joined the Company in
                            August 1973, has been President, Reader's
                            Digest Pacific and Vice President of the
                            Company since July 1993.  He was Managing
                            Director of Reader's Digest Australia
                            from January 1990 to June 1993 and was
                            its Marketing Director prior thereto.
                            
Peter J.C. Davenport  (54)  Mr. Davenport was named Senior Vice
                            President, Global Direct Marketing in
                            January 1994.  He had been Vice
                            President, Global Direct Marketing since
                            September 1991 and Vice President and
                            Deputy Director, International Group
                            since 1988.  Mr. Davenport joined the
                            Company in 1958.
                            
Joseph M. Grecky  (55)      Mr. Grecky has been Senior Vice
                            President, Human Resources since January
                            1994.  He had been Vice President, Human
                            Resources since he joined the Company in
                            1987.
                            
Carole M. Howard  (49)      Mrs. Howard joined the Company in 1985 as
                            Vice President, Public Relations and
                            Communications Policy.  She had worked
                            for AT&T for 18 years in various public
                            relations, advertising and marketing
                            positions.
                            
Thomas M. Kenney  (47)      Mr. Kenney has been President, U.S.
                            Magazine Publishing since July 1993 and a
                            Vice President since he joined the
                            Company in October 1989 as President,
                            Magazine Publishing Group.  From 1986
                            through September 1989, he was President
                            of Thomas Kenney & Company Inc., an
                            investment banking firm specializing in
                            magazine publishing companies.
                            
Bruce G. Koe  (51)          Mr. Koe, who joined the Company in
                            October 1992 as Vice President, Global
                            Operations, was Vice President,
                            Diversified Products Group of Western
                            Publishing Company, Inc. from September
                            1990 to October 1992 and was Vice
                            President of Banta Corporation from
                            September 1986 to September 1990.
                            
Marcia M. Lefkowitz  (50)   Ms. Lefkowitz has been Vice President,
                            Marketing, Reader's Digest U.S.A. since
                            July 1993.  She served as Vice President,
                            Marketing Systems from February 1993 to
                            June 1993, Vice President, Global New
                            Business Development from August 1990 to
                            January 1993 and Vice President,
                            Corporate Planning and Development from
                            November 1988 to July 1990.  Ms.
                            Lefkowitz joined the Company in 1967.
                            

       Name and Age           Positions and Offices With the Company
                            
Barbara J. Morgan  (49)     Mrs. Morgan has been Vice President and
                            Editor-in-Chief, Condensed Books since
                            August 1987.  She joined the Company in
                            January 1973.
                            
Kenneth A. Nelson  (49)     Mr. Nelson joined the Company as Vice
                            President, Management Information Systems
                            in November 1990.  Since 1980, he had
                            served in a number of management
                            capacities for Mars, Inc.
                            
John A. Pope, Jr.  (61)     Mr. Pope has been Vice President since
                            March 1984 and Editor-in-Chief, General
                            Books since September 1991.  He joined
                            the Company in February 1968.
                            
Anthony W. Ruggiero  (53)   Mr. Ruggiero was elected Senior Vice
                            President and Chief Financial Officer in
                            January 1994.  He had been Vice President
                            and Chief Financial Officer since he
                            joined the Company in July 1990.  From
                            1983 to 1989, he was Senior Vice
                            President and Chief Financial Officer and
                            a Director of Squibb Corp. and thereafter
                            served as Senior Vice President and
                            Controller of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.
                            
Kenneth Y. Tomlinson  (50)  Mr. Tomlinson, who joined the Company in
                            April 1968, has been Vice President since
                            1985 and Editor-in-Chief, Reader's Digest
                            magazine since December 1990.
                            
William H. Willis  (43)     Mr. Willis has been President, Special
                            Markets Group and Vice President of the
                            Company since he joined the Company in
                            January 1994.  He was previously
                            Executive Vice President, Marketing and
                            Sales of Ogden Services Corporation.
                            

Additional Corporate Officers

Connie K. Beck        Vice President, Corporate Secretary and
                      Associate General Counsel
Gregory G. Coleman    Vice President and Publisher, U.S. Reader's
                      Digest and Special Interest Magazines
Milan Kofol           Vice President and Treasurer
Joseph G. NeCastro    Vice President and Controller
Jack A. Smith         Vice President, Corporate Planning and
                      Development

      Pursuant to the By-Laws of the Company, officers  serve  at
the  pleasure of the Board of Directors.  Officers of the Company
are  elected annually to serve until their respective  successors
are elected and qualified.


ITEM 2.   PROPERTIES

United States Properties

       The   Company's   headquarters  and  principal   operating
facilities are situated on approximately 120 acres in Westchester
County,  New  York, much of which the Company acquired  in  1940.
The   site   includes   five  principal   buildings   aggregating
approximately   697,000   square  feet  that   house   executive,
administrative,  editorial  and  operational  offices,  and  data
processing and other facilities.  Joshua Morris Publishing,  Inc.
also  owns  approximately 11,000 square feet of space in  Wilton,
Connecticut.

      The  Company  leases approximately 84,000  square  feet  of
warehouse  space in Brewster, New York.  QSP leases approximately
80,000  square  feet in Conyers, Georgia, 48,000 square  feet  in
Pinola,  Georgia,  20,000 square feet in Stone Mountain,  Georgia
and 17,000 square feet in Ridgefield, Connecticut.

      In  New York City, the Company leases approximately 181,000
square  feet  of  office  space in a  total  of  four  buildings,
portions of which are used as editorial offices for its books and
home   entertainment  products  business,  as  advertising  sales
offices  for  Reader's Digest magazine and  as  offices  for  the
Company's special interest magazines.

       The   Company  leases  space  for  an  editorial   bureau,
advertising sales offices and other purposes in various cities in
the United States.


International Properties

     The following table contains information about all operating
properties owned by the Company outside the United States and the
headquarters,  in many cases including operating  facilities,  of
each   of   the   Company's  principal  international   operating
subsidiaries.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Principal               Square
     Location                                Use                 Footage
 <S>                                     <C>                      <C>   
 Owned:
    Sydney, Australia                    Headquarters                93,200
                                         Editorial Offices           20,000
    Vienna, Austria                      Administrative Office        1,300
    Montreal, Canada                     Headquarters                96,200
                                         Editorial Offices           34,000
                                         Lettershop                  20,000
    Helsinki, Finland                    Headquarters                40,000
    Bagneux, France                      Headquarters               109,500
    Montigny, France                     Lettershop & Warehouse      74,500
    Stuttgart, Germany                   Headquarters                68,000
                                         Editorial Offices           14,000
    Hong Kong                            Headquarters                81,700
    Milan, Italy                         Headquarters               152,000
    Verona, Italy                        Warehouse                  109,200
    Mexico City, Mexico                  Headquarters                28,700
    Amsterdam, The Netherlands           Headquarters                43,300
    Lisbon, Portugal                     Headquarters                58,000
    Azeitao, Portugal                    Warehouse                   62,000
    Capetown, South Africa               Headquarters                75,000
    Swindon, United Kingdom              Management Information
                                         Systems, Fulfillment,
                                         Warehouse and
                                         Administrative
                                         Offices                    262,500<F1>
     Total Owned Properties                                       1,443,100
__________________
<FN>
<F1>
(1)  The Company owns the building at this facility and leases
     the underlying land pursuant to a long-term lease expiring in 2076.
</FN>
</TABLE>

                                       Principal         Square
     Location                             Use           Footage
 Leased Headquarters:
    Brussels, Belgium                Headquarters      20,700
    Budapest, Hungary                Headquarters      13,800
    Kista, Sweden                    Headquarters      19,800
    Zurich, Switzerland              Headquarters      49,200
    London, United Kingdom           Headquarters      55,100

     In addition, the Company leases various other office space,
warehouses and operational facilities throughout the world.  All
international properties leased by the Company, including
headquarters, aggregate approximately 570,000 square feet.


General

     The Company believes that its current facilities, together
with expansions and upgrading of facilities presently underway or
planned, are adequate to meet its present and reasonably
foreseeable needs.  The Company also believes that adequate space
will be available to replace any leased facilities for which the
leases expire in the near future.

     The Company also owns printing and related equipment located
at printing facilities not owned or leased by the Company.  See
Item 1, "Business--Reader's Digest Magazine--Production and
Fulfillment" and "Business--Books and Home Entertainment Products-
- -Production and Fulfillment."


ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

     The Company and its subsidiaries are defendants in several
lawsuits and claims arising in the regular course of business.
Based on the opinions of management and counsel for such matters,
recoveries, if any, by plaintiffs and claimants would not
materially affect the financial position of the Company or its
results of operations.

     Additionally, on December 21, 1993, the Roman Catholic
Bishop of San Diego and the Chino Unified School District
commenced a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Southern
District of California against a subsidiary of the Company, QSP,
Inc., and the Company, alleging violation of the federal
antitrust laws and seeking treble damages in an unspecified
amount and certain injunctive relief.  The complaint alleges that
QSP, Inc. is unlawfully monopolizing the school and youth group
magazine fund raising market.  The suit was certified as a class
action on July 1, 1994.  The Company believes that the suit is
without merit and, accordingly, no provision for loss has been
made in the Company's consolidated financial statements.  The
Company intends to defend this action vigorously.

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

     No matter was submitted to a vote of security holders of the
Company during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended June
30, 1994.


                                
                             PART II


ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON
        EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

     The information contained in Note 18 to the Company's
Consolidated Financial Statements in the Company's 1994 Annual
Report to Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.


ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

     The information contained under the caption "Selected
Financial Data" in the Company's 1994 Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 7.  MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND
         ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION

     The information contained under the caption "Management's
Discussion and Analysis" in the Company's 1994 Annual Report to
Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

     The Company's Consolidated Financial Statements appearing on
pages 26 through 38 of the Company's 1994 Annual Report to
Stockholders, together with the report thereon of KPMG Peat
Marwick LLP appearing on page 39, are incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON 
         ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

     None.

                                
                            PART III


ITEM 10.   DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

     Information with respect to directors of the Company under
the caption "Election of Directors" in the Proxy Statement for
the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company to be held on
November 11, 1994 is incorporated herein by reference.
Information with respect to executive officers of the Company
appears under the caption "Executive Officers of the Company" in
Item 1 of Part I hereof and is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11.   EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

     Information with respect to executive compensation under the
captions "Executive Compensation," "Report of the Compensation &
Nominating Committee" and "Performance Graph" in the Proxy
Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company
to be held on November 11, 1994 is incorporated herein by
reference.

ITEM 12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
           MANAGEMENT

     Information with respect to security ownership of certain
beneficial owners and management under the caption "Equity
Security Ownership" in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting
of Stockholders of the Company to be held on November 11, 1994 is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.   CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

     Information with respect to certain relationships and
related transactions under the caption "Executive Compensation--
Miscellaneous" in the Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders of the Company to be held on November 11, 1994 is
incorporated herein by reference.

                                
                             PART IV


ITEM 14.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON
       FORM 8-K

(a) (1)   Financial Statements
          Listed on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
          and Schedules on page 27 of this Report.

    (2)    Financial Statement Schedules
           Listed on the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
           and Schedules on page 27 of this Report.

    (3)    Exhibits

3.1.1  Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Reader's
       Digest Association, Inc. filed with the State of Delaware
       on February 7, 1990 filed electronically as Exhibit 3.1.1
       to the registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30,
       1993, is incorporated herein by reference.

3.1.2  Certificate of Amendment of the Certificate of
       Incorporation of The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.
       filed with the State of Delaware on February 22, 1991
       filed electronically as Exhibit 3.1.2 to the registrant's
       Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1993, is
       incorporated herein by reference.

3.2    Amended and Restated By-Laws of The Reader's Digest
       Association, Inc., effective February 22, 1991 filed
       electronically as Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant's Form 10-
       K for the year ended June 30, 1993, is incorporated
       herein by reference.

10.1   The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. Management Incentive
       Compensation Plan (Amendment and Restatement as of July
       1, 1994).*

       *Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan.

10.2   The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. 1989 Key Employee
       Long Term Incentive Plan filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the
       Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-
       32566) filed by registrant on December 19, 1989, is
       incorporated herein by reference.*

10.3   The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. 1994 Key Employee
       Long Term Incentive Plan filed electronically as Exhibit
       10.17 to the registrant's Form 10-Q for the quarter ended
       March 31, 1994, is incorporated herein by reference.*


10.4   The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. Deferred
       Compensation Plan (Amendment and Restatement as of July
       8, 1994).*

10.5   The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. Severance Plan for
       Senior Management (Amendment and Restatement as of July
       8, 1994).*

10.6   The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. Income Continuation
       Plan for Senior Management (amended and restated) filed
       electronically as Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant's Form
       10-K for the year ended June 30, 1993, is incorporated
       herein by reference.*

10.7   Excess Benefit Retirement Plan of The Reader's Digest
       Association, Inc. (Amendment and Restatement as of July
       1, 1994).*

10.8   Supplemental Retirement Agreement dated as of May 15, 1985
       between the registrant and George V. Grune filed as
       Exhibit 10.12 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1
       (Registration No. 33-32566) filed by registrant on
       December 19, 1989, is incorporated herein by reference.*

10.9   Supplemental Retirement Benefit Agreement dated as of
       August 22, 1988 between the registrant and George V.
       Grune filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the Registration Statement
       on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-32566) filed by
       registrant on December 19, 1989, is incorporated herein
       by reference.*

10.10  Supplemental Retirement Benefit Agreement dated as of
       August 25, 1988 between the registrant and Kenneth A.
       Gordon filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Registration
       Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 33-32566) filed
       by registrant on December 19, 1989, is incorporated
       herein by reference.*

10.11  Supplemental Retirement Benefit Agreement dated as of
       December 12, 1989 between the registrant and Thomas M.
       Kenney filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the registrant's Form 10-
       K for the year ended June 30, 1991, is incorporated
       herein by reference.*

10.12  Supplemental Retirement Benefit Agreement dated as of
       August 16, 1990 between the registrant and Anthony W.
       Ruggiero filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the registrant's Form
       10-K for the year ended June 30, 1991, is incorporated
       herein by reference.*

10.13  The Reader's Digest 1992 Executive Retirement Plan
       (Amendment and Restatement as of July 1, 1994.*

10.14  The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. Deferred
       Compensation Plan for Non--Employee Directors filed as
       Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant's Form 10-K for the year
       ended June 30, 1990, is incorporated herein by
       reference.*

     *Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan.

10.15  Agreement dated July 10, 1992 between the registrant and
       George V. Grune filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the
       registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 1992,
       is incorporated herein by reference.*

10.16  Supplemental Retirement Benefit Agreement dated as of
       September 13, 1991 between the registrant and James P.
       Schadt filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the registrant's Form 10-
       K for the year ended June 30, 1993, is incorporated
       herein by reference.*

13     Financial Review appearing at pages 22 through 38 of the
       registrant's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders, together
       with the report thereon of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
       appearing on page 39 (furnished for the information of
       the Securities and Exchange Commission only and not to be
       deemed filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
       except for the portions thereof that are specifically
       incorporated herein by reference).

21   Subsidiaries of the registrant.

23   Consent of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP.

27   Financial Data Schedule.

(b)  Reports on Form 8-K

     No report on Form 8-K was filed during the three months
       ended June 30, 1994.


     *Denotes a management contract or compensatory plan.

                           SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused
this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized.

                            THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                        By:       James P. Schadt
                                                 (James P. Schadt)
                                         President and Chief Executive Officer
Date:  September 26, 1994

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act
of  1934,  this  report has been signed below  by  the  following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and  on
the dates indicated.

         Signature                     Title                    Date

     George V. Grune         Chairman of the Board and  September 26, 1994
    (George V. Grune)        a Director

     James P. Schadt         President and Chief        September 26, 1994
    (James P. Schadt)        Executive Officer and a
                             Director

     Melvin R. Laird         Vice President and Senior  September 26, 1994
    (Melvin R. Laird)        Counsellor and a Director

     Anthony W. Ruggiero     Senior Vice President and  September 26, 1994
    (Anthony W. Ruggiero)    Chief
                             Financial Officer

     Joseph G. NeCastro      Vice President and         September 26, 1994
    (Joseph G. NeCastro)     Controller

     William G. Bowen        Director                   September 26, 1994
    (William G. Bowen)

     Lynne V. Cheney         Director                   September 26, 1994
    (Lynne V. Cheney)

     M. Christine DeVita     Director                   September 26, 1994
    (M. Christine DeVita)

     James E. Preston        Director                   September 26, 1994
    (James E. Preston)

     Robert G. Schwartz      Director                   September 26, 1994
    (Robert G. Schwartz)

     Walter V. Shipley       Director                   September 26, 1994
    (Walter V. Shipley)

     C.J. Silas              Director                   September 26, 1994
    (C.J. Silas)

              THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                                
                                
                      INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED
               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES


                                                                         Page
Report of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP, Independent Auditors                      *

Financial Statements:

   Consolidated Statements of Income--For the Years Ended June
       30, 1994, 1993
       and 1992                                                            *
   
   Consolidated Balance Sheets--June 30, 1994 and 1993                     *
   
   Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows--For the Years Ended
       June 30, 1994,
       1993 and 1992                                                       *
   
   Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity--
       For the
       Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992                            *    
   
   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                              *

Report of KPMG Peat Marwick LLP, Independent Auditors                     28

Schedules:
     I     Marketable Securities and Other Investments                    29
     II    Amounts Receivable From Related Parties                        30
     VIII  Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                              31
     IX    Short-Term Borrowings                                          32
     X     Supplementary Income Statement Information                     33

     All schedules, except those set forth above, have been
omitted since the information required to be submitted has been
included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes
thereto or has been omitted as not applicable or not required.

____________
     *Incorporated by reference to the Company's 1994 Annual
Report to Stockholders.  See Item 8 of the Annual Report on Form
10-K.



                  INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT



The Stockholders and Board of Directors of The Reader's Digest
Association, Inc.:

Under date of September 7, 1994, we reported on the consolidated
balance sheets of The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. and
subsidiaries as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the related
consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders'
equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year
period ended June 30, 1994, as contained in The Reader's Digest
Association, Inc. 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders.  These
consolidated financial statements and our report thereon are
incorporated by reference in the Annual Report on Form 10-K.  In
connection with our audits of the aforementioned consolidated
financial statements, we also audited the related consolidated
financial statement schedules as listed in the Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules in the 1994
Annual Report on Form 10-K.  These financial statement schedules
are the responsibility of the Company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statement schedules based on our audits.

In our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when
considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial
statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material
respects, the information set forth therein.

As discussed in the notes to consolidated financial statements,
the Company adopted the provisions of the Financial Accounting
Standards Board's Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," and the
American Institute of Certified Public Accountants' Statement of
Position No. 93-7, "Reporting on Advertising Costs," effective
July 1, 1993 and the provisions of Financial Accounting Standards
Board's Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115,
"Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities," effective June 30, 1994.  As discussed in the notes
to consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted the
provisions of the Financial Accounting Standards Board's
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers'
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions," and
No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," effective July 1, 1992.


KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP


New York, New York
September 7, 1994

              THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                                
    SCHEDULE I -- MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND OTHER INVESTMENTS
                                
                    Year Ended June 30, 1994
                                
                     (Dollars in Thousands)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       No. of                    Market       Amount at
                                      Shares or                 Value of   Which Security
        Name of Each Issuer           Principal     Cost of    Each Issue     Issue is
      and Title of Each Issue        Amounts of       Each     at Balance  Carried in the
                                      Bonds and      Issue       Sheet      Balance Sheet
                                        Notes                     Date
<S>                                 <C>                <C>       <C>         <C>         
Short-term investments:                                                    
  Amounts held by United States entities:                                           
     Certificates of deposit         $    359          $    359   $    359    $      359
     U.S. Treasury Bills             $198,000           198,651    199,893       199,893
                                                       $199,010   $200,252    $  200,252
  Amounts held by international entities:                                           
     Certificates of deposit          $11,147          $ 11,147   $ 11,147    $   11,147
     Common stock                      15,027 shs            40         55            55
                                                       $ 11,187    $11,202    $   11,202
      Total short-term investments                     $210,197   $211,454    $  211,454
                                                                           
Long-term investments:                                                     
  Amounts held by United States                                            
entities:                                                                  
     Common stock:                  
      CML Group                     2,890,950 shs      $  2,309   $ 33,607    $   33,607
      Other                           264,425 shs           990      1,224         1,224
     Corporate Bonds                $  12,000            12,288     12,169        12,169
     Government Bonds               $ 228,000           231,994    218,382       218,382
     State obligations              $   3,650             3,742      3,773         3,773
     U.S. Treasury Bonds            $ 101,000           102,631    102,889       102,889
                                                       $353,954   $372,044    $  372,044

  Amounts held by international entities:                                           
     Other                          $     129          $    129   $    131    $      131
    
                                                                           
      Total long-term investments   $ 354,083          $372,175   $372,175
                                                                           
</TABLE>

              THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                                
     SCHEDULE II -- AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES
                                
            Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993, and 1992
                                
                     (Dollars in Thousands)
                                
                                

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                 Balance at End
                                                             Deductions             of Period

                     Balance at              Effect of                                       
                      Beginning               Foreign    Amounts    Amounts                Not
   Name of Debtor     of Period  Additions   Exchange   Collected   Written    Current   Current
                                                                      Off
<S>                     <C>       <C>          <C>      <C>          <C>        <C>    <C>                      
Year Ended June 30, 1994                                                                    
  Ralph Hancox          $106        --         $(8)     $    (2)     --         --     $  96<F1>
  Heikki Helenius        100      $ --           --         (50)     --         --        50<F2>
     Total              $206      $ --         $(8)     $   (52)     --         --     $ 146
                                                                              
Year Ended June 30, 1993                                                                    
  Ralph Hancox          $115        --         $(7)     $    (2)     --         --     $106<F1>
  Heikki Helenius         --      $ 100          --           --     --         --      100<F2>
     Total              $115      $ 100        $(7)     $    (2)     --         --     $206
                                                                              
Year Ended June 30, 1992                                                                     
  Ralph Hancox          $120         --        $(5)           --     --         --     $115<F1>
     Total              $120         --        $(5)           --     --         --     $115

________
<FN>
<F1>
(1) Due ninety days after termination
    of employment and secured by a mortgage on real estate owned
    by Mr. Hancox.
<F2>
(2) Unsecured loan due September 30, 1995.
</FN>
</TABLE>

              THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                                
       SCHEDULE VIII -- VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                
            Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                                
                     (Dollars in Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                
                                            Additions    Deductions<F1>

                               Balance at     Charge                       Balance
                               Beginning     to Costs       Amounts       at End of
         Description           of Period        and       Written Off       Period
                                             Expenses
<S>                              <C>          <C>        <C>              <C>                  
Year Ended June 30, 1994                                                  
 Deducted from Receivables:                                               
   Allowances for Returns and    $198,406     $433,364   $(422,298)       $209,472
   Bad Debts
                                                                          
Year Ended June 30, 1993                                                  
                                                                          
Deducted from Receivables:       $173,630     $486,520   $(461,744)       $198,406
   Allowances for Returns and
   Bad Debts
                                                                          
Year Ended June 30, 1992                                                  
                                                                          
Deducted from Receivables:       $126,852     $433,558   $(386,780)       $173,630
   Allowances for Returns and
   Bad Debts
                                                                          

________
<FN>
<F1>
(1)  Deductions include the effect of foreign exchange translation.
</TABLE>

              THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                                
              SCHEDULE IX -- SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
                                
            Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                                
                     (Dollars in Thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                
                                
                                                                  Average     Weighted
                                        Weighted     Maximum      Amount      Average
                                         Average      Amount    Outstanding    Interest
  Category of Aggregate    Balance At   Interest   Outstanding    During     Rate During
  Short-Term Borrowings      End of       Rate        During    Period <F3>   Period <F4>
                             Period                   Period
<S>                         <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>                <C>                                  
Year ended June 30, 1994                                                                  
  Bank Borrowings <F1>      $    0        0.0%     $5,188       $ 1,716            20.9%
                            $    0                 $5,188       $ 1,716
                                      
Year ended June 30, 1993                                                                  
  Bank Borrowings <F1>      $5,253       20.6%     $5,912       $ 2,697            20.2%
                            $5,253                 $5,912       $ 2,697
                           
Year ended June 30, 1992                                                                  
  Bank Borrowings <F1>      $  128       11.6%     $2,400       $   385            11.7%
  Notes Payable <F2>         6,258                  8,389         6,288
                            $6,386                $10,789       $ 6,673
                           
                                                                                          

________
<FN>
<F1>
(1) Bank borrowings had various maturities ranging from 
    thirty days to one year.

<F2>
(2) Notes payable were non-interest bearing.

<F3>
(3) The average amount outstanding during the period is 
    the average of the month-end balances.

<F4>
(4) The weighted average interest rate during the period is 
    computed by dividing the weighted average interest expense 
    by the weighted average balance outstanding.
</FN>
</TABLE>

              THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                                
    SCHEDULE X -- SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
                                
            Years Ended June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992
                                
                     (Dollars in Thousands)
                                
                                
                                
                                       Charged to Costs and Expenses

               Item                    1994       1993         1992
                                                                        
Royalties                           $72,490    $73,533       $64,449
                                

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

                                
                             
                                                     Exhibit 10.1
                                
              THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                                
                                
                                
             MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
            (Amended and Restated as of July 1, 1994)
                                
                                
                            ARTICLE I
                       Purpose of the Plan
                                
     1.1  The purpose of the Management Incentive Compensation
Plan (the "Plan") of The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. (the
"Company") is to advance the interests of the Company by
providing senior officers, senior management and key employees of
the Company and its designated Subsidiaries (defined below) with
additional incentive to promote the success of the business and
to increase their vested interest in the success of the business
and to increase their vested interest in the success of the
Company, and to encourage them to remain employees, through the
making of certain incentive cash bonus awards ("awards") linked
to performance goals.


                           ARTICLE II
                   Administration of the Plan
                                
     2.1  The Plan shall be administered and interpreted by a
committee (the "Committee") appointed from time to time by the
Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") and consisting of
three or more Directors.  Members of the Committee shall not be
eligible to participate in the Plan.

     2.2  The Committee shall have full authority to make or
withhold awards, to construe and interpret the terms and
provisions of the Plan and any award made hereunder, to adopt,
alter and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and
practices governing this Plan and perform all acts, including the
delegation of its administrative responsibilities, as it shall,
from time to time, deem advisable, and to otherwise supervise the
administration of this Plan.

     2.3  The Committee may correct any defect, supply any
omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Plan, or in any
award made hereunder, in the manner and to the extent it shall
deem necessary to carry the Plan into effect.

     2.4  Any decision, interpretation or other action made or
taken in good faith by or at the direction of the Company, the
Board, any employee of the Company or the Committee (or any of
its members) arising out of or in connection with the Plan shall
be within the absolute discretion of all and each of them, as the
case may be, and shall be final, binding and conclusive on the
Company and all employees and Participants and their respective
heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.

     2.5  No member of the Board, no employee of the Company and
no member of the Committee (nor the Committee itself) shall be
liable for any act or action hereunder, whether of omission or
commission, by any other member or employee or by any agent to
whom duties in connection with the administration of the Plan
have been delegated or, except in circumstances involving his bad
faith, gross negligence or fraud, for anything done or omitted to
be done by himself.  The Company or the Committee may consult
with legal counsel, who may be counsel for the Company or other
counsel, with respect to its obligations or duties hereunder, or
with respect to any action or proceeding or any question of law,
and shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or
omitted by it in good faith pursuant to the advice of such
counsel.

     2.6  For purposes of this Plan, "designated Subsidiaries"
shall mean such subsidiaries of the Company, 80 percent or more
of the voting capital stock of which is owned, directly or
indirectly, by the Company, which are designated from time to
time by the Committee.


                           ARTICLE III
                           Eligibility
                                
     3.1  Eligible employees include employees of the Company and
the designated Subsidiaries who are senior officers, members of
senior management or key employees.  "Participants" shall mean
all such eligible employees designated by the Committee.

     3.2  A Participant who ceases to be employed by the Company
or a designated Subsidiary by reason (i) transfer at the
Company's request to an Affiliate (as defined in Section 414 of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), (ii) death, (iii)
disability (as defined under the terms of The Reader's Digest
Association, Inc. Long Term Disability Plan), or (iv) "early" or
"normal" retirement (as defined under the terms of The Reader's
Digest Association, Inc. Retirement Plan) (in each case, whether
or not such Participant is covered by such plan), shall be
eligible for an award (or portion thereof) for the fiscal year in
which the transfer, death, disability or retirement occurs, only
if and to the extent the Committee shall decide in its sole
discretion.

     3.3  A Participant who ceases to be employed by the Company
or a designated Subsidiary for any reason other than those
enumerated in Section 3.2 above, shall not be eligible for an
award in respect of the fiscal year in which such termination of
employment by the Company or a designated Subsidiary occurs.  For
the purposes of this Section, it shall not be considered a
termination of employment when a Participant is granted a
military or personal leave of absence by the Company or when a
Participant is transferred from the Company or a designated
Subsidiary to another designated Subsidiary or to the Company or
to any affiliate as defined in Section 414 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; however, in any such case, the
Committee may change or eliminate any awards or performance goals
previously targeted with respect to such Participant.


                           ARTICLE IV
                      Awards Under the Plan

     4.1  For each fiscal year, the Company shall establish
individual award targets (by grade level) for awards under the
Plan and shall establish performance goals relating to (a)
financial performance of the Company or any division or other
business unit of the Company (or any combination thereof) during
that fiscal year and (b) individual performance during that
fiscal year.

     4.2  For each fiscal year, the Company shall establish a
formula for funding an incentive pool consisting of the maximum
aggregate awards that would be available to all Participants
under the Plan pursuant to the individual award targets.

     4.3  No later than the end of the first quarter of the
fiscal year, the Committee shall review the individual award
targets (by grade level) and performance goals established by the
Company pursuant to Section 4.1 and shall, in its discretion,
approve an incentive pool based on the funding formula
established by the Company pursuant to Section 4.2.

     4.4  Promptly after the end of a fiscal year, the Company
shall determine the extent to which performance goals for that
fiscal year have been achieved and shall determine the allocation
of individual awards to Participants.

     4.5  The Committee shall review and, in its discretion,
shall certify the achievement of the applicable financial
performance goals and shall approve the Company's recommendations
with respect to the individual performance goals of each
executive officer of the Company who is a Participant and, in its
discretion, any other key employee of the Company who is a
Participant.  The Committee may, in its discretion, adjust any of
the financial performance goals to exclude the effects of unusual
items, including acquisitions, divestitures, accounting changes,
restructuring and special charges and foreign currency effects.
Regardless of the performance achieved relative to any goals and
standards, and notwithstanding any award targets, no Participant
shall be entitled to any individual award unless and until the
Committee determines to make such award.

     4.6  The Committee may, but need not, pay out the full
amount of the incentive pool for any fiscal year.

     4.7  Each award made under the Plan shall be paid or
allocated as soon as practicable after the close of the fiscal
year, unless otherwise determined by the Committee.  The
Committee in its sole discretion may permit a Participant to
defer payment of his award under The Reader's Digest Association,
Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan, as such plan may be modified
from time to time, or any other plan applicable to the
Participant.

     4.8  In the event of the death of a Participant after the
making of the award but prior to the payment of his award
hereunder, payment shall be made to such beneficiary or beneficiaries as the 
Participant shall have previously designated in
writing.  Such designation shall not be effective unless filed
with the Company.  If there is no effective designation of a
beneficiary at the time of the Participant's death, or in the
event that the designated person or persons shall predecease such
Participant, any such award payable shall be made to the
Participant's estate or legal representative.


                            ARTICLE V
              Amendment or Termination of the Plan
                                
     5.1  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, the
Board may at any time, and from time to time, amend, in whole or
in part, any or all of the provisions of the Plan, or suspend or
terminate it entirely, retroactively or otherwise; provided,
however, that any such amendment, suspension or termination may
not, without the Participant's consent, adversely affect any of
the awards theretofore made to him under the Plan.


                           ARTICLE VI
                          Miscellaneous
                                
     6.1  No person shall have any claim or right to be made an
award under the Plan, and neither this Plan, the establishment of
any goals or standards nor the making of an award under this Plan
shall give any Participant or other employee any right with
respect to continuance of employment by the Company or any
subsidiary, nor shall there be a limitation in any way on the
right of the Company or any subsidiary by which an employee is
employed to terminate his employment at any time.

     6.2  Except by will or the laws of descent and distribution,
no right or interest in any award made under this Plan shall be
assignable or transferable, and no right or interest of any
Participant hereunder shall be subject to any lien, obligation or
liability of such Participant.

     6.3  The Company will bear all expenses incurred in
administering this Plan.

     6.4  This Plan and the obligations of the Company hereunder
shall be subject to all applicable Federal and state laws, rules
and regulations and to such approvals by any governmental or
regulatory agency as may from time to time be required.  The
Board may make such changes in this Plan as may be necessary or
desirable, in the opinion of the Board, to comply with the laws,
rules and regulations of any governmental or regulatory
authority, or to be eligible for tax benefits under the Code, or
any other laws or regulations of any Federal, state, local or
foreign government.

     6.5  The Company shall have the right to deduct from any
payment to be made pursuant to this Plan, or to otherwise require
prior to the payment of any amount hereunder, payment by the
Participant of, any Federal, state or local taxes required by law
to be withheld.

     6.6  No assets shall be segregated or earmarked in respect
of any award hereunder and no Participant shall have any right to
assign, transfer, pledge or hypothecate his interest, or any
portion thereof, in his award.  The Plan and the making of awards
hereunder shall not constitute a trust.

     6.7  This Plan and actions taken in connection herewith
shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of New York (regardless of the law that might otherwise
govern under applicable New York principles of conflict of laws).

     6.8  Wherever any words are used in this Plan in the
masculine gender they shall be construed as though they were also
used in the feminine gender in all cases where they would so
apply, and wherever any words are used herein in the singular
form they shall be construed as though they were also used in the
plural form in all cases where they would so apply.  The titles
to Articles of this Plan are intended solely as a convenience and
shall not be used as an aid in construction of any provisions
thereof.

     6.9  This Plan shall be known as "The Reader's Digest
Association, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan."

     6.10 This Plan, was originally embodied in two plans named
The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. Incentive Compensation Plan
(effective March 8, 1985) and The Reader's Digest Association,
Inc. Incentive Bonus Plan (effective July 1, 1985), respectively,
and was amended and restated effective as of July 1, 1989 and
July 1, 1994.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.4
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

                               
                                                     Exhibit 10.4
                               
             THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                               
                               
                               
                  DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
        (Amendment and Restatement as of July 8, 1994)
                               
                               
                               
                               
                           ARTICLE I
                            Purpose
                               
          The purpose of the Deferred Compensation Plan (the
"Plan") of The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. (the
"Company") is to offer eligible senior officers and other key
employees of the Company and its Designated Subsidiaries
(defined below), the opportunity to defer receipt of various
incentive payments they may become entitled to, under terms
advantageous to both such executives and the Company, for the
periods provided in the Plan.


                          ARTICLE II
                          Definitions

          For purposes of this Plan, the following terms shall
have the following meanings:

          2.1  "Account" shall have the meaning specified in
Section 4.1.

          2.2  "Award" shall mean any payment to which a
Participant may become entitled under the Company's existing
Management Incentive Compensation Plan or (to the extent
provided by the Committee) the Performance Share Plan, and any
payment which may be deferred under the terms of an award made
under the Company's Key Employee Long Term Incentive Plan, in
each case as such plans may be modified from time to time.

          2.3  "Beneficiary" shall mean the person or persons
designated from time to time in writing delivered to the
Committee by a Participant to receive payments under this Plan
after the death of such Participant or, in the absence of any
such designation or in the event that such designated person or
persons shall predecease such Participant, the Participant's
estate or legal representative.

          2.4  "Committee" shall have the meaning specified in
Section 6.1.

          2.5  "Deferred Amount" shall mean at any time the sum
of all of a Participant's Deferred Compensation plus all
Increments credited as of such date to the Account of such
Participant, as provided herein.

          2.6  "Deferred Compensation" shall mean that portion
of each Award to which a Participant is entitled, the payment
of which he has elected to defer under this Plan.

          2.7  "Designated Deferral Period" shall have the
meaning specified in Section 3.1.

          2.8  "Designated Pay-Out Schedule" shall have the
meaning specified in Section 3.1.

          2.9  "Designated Percentage" shall have the meaning
specified in Section 3.1.

          2.10 "Designated Subsidiary" shall mean such
subsidiaries of the Company, 80 percent or more of the voting
capital stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly by the
Company, which are designated from time to time by the Senior
Vice President, Human Resources of the Company, with the
approval of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

          2.11 "Election Date" shall have the meaning specified
in Section 3.2.

          2.12 "Eligible Employee" shall mean any employee of
the Company or a Designated Subsidiary who is a senior officer
or other key employee and who is designated by the Committee or
by the Senior Vice President, Human Resources of the Company,
with the approval of the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company.

          2.13 "Increments" shall have the meaning specified in
Section 4.2.

          2.14 "Measuring Year" shall have the meaning
specified in Section 3.2.

          2.15 "Participant" shall mean any employee of the
Company or a Designated Subsidiary who is an Eligible Employee
on any date which is an Election Date for any Award which, if
thereafter made or earned, will be made or earned in respect of
the Company's fiscal year following the fiscal year in which
the Election Date occurs or such other period as the Committee
may designate.

          2.16 "Plan Interest Rate" shall have the meaning
specified in Section 4.3.


                          ARTICLE III
                      Deferral of Awards

          3.1  Election.  Each Participant may elect to have
the payment of a Designated Percentage of each Award for which
he is eligible deferred pursuant to this Plan for a Designated
Deferral Period with a Designated Pay-Out Schedule.  A
"Designated Percentage" shall mean the percentage, not less
than 20% nor more than 100%, selected by the Participant for a
particular Award.  A "Designated Deferral Period" shall mean
one of the following periods following the date the Deferred
Compensation would otherwise have been payable, as selected by
the Participant for a particular Award:  (i) until January 1 of
a designated year not later than the Participant's attainment
of age 50, or (ii) until January 1 following the Participant's
retirement or other termination of employment with the Company
and its Designated Subsidiaries for any reason.  For the
purposes of this Section, it shall not be considered a
termination of employment when a Participant is granted a
military or personal leave of absence by the Company or when a
Participant is transferred from the Company or a Designated
Subsidiary to another Designated Subsidiary or to the Company
or to any affiliate as defined in Section 414 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.  A "Designated Pay-Out
Schedule" shall mean one of the following, as selected by the
Participant for a particular Award:  (i) a lump-sum pay-out in
the January following the end of the Designated Deferral
Period; or (ii) a pay-out in annual installments of from one to
ten years in the January of each such year following the end of
the Designated Deferral Period in accordance with the following
method with respect to each Award:

          INSTALLMENT METHOD WITH RESPECT TO AN AWARD
          
          For a multi-year installment election where
          x is the number of years in the Designated
          Deferral Period:
          
          1st payment is 1/x times the Deferred
          Amount then credited to such Participant's
          Account with respect to such Award,
          
          2nd payment is 1/(x-1) times the Deferred
          Amount then credited to such Participant's
          Account with respect to such Award,
          
          3rd payment is 1/(x-2) times the Deferred
          Amount then credited to such Participant's
          Account with respect to such Award,
          
          And so on, decreasing the denominator of
          the fraction by one for each year until the
          final year for which the payment is the
          balance of the Deferred Amount then
          credited to such Participant's Account with
          respect to such Award;
          
or (iii) such other Pay-Out Schedule to which the Committee
may, at its option, agree prior to the Election Date for all
such Participants so electing.  A numerical example of a Pay-
Out Schedule over five years is attached as Exhibit A.  A
separate election shall be made for each Award and shall be
delivered to the Senior Vice President, Human Resources of the
Company on or before the Election Date for such Award in
accordance with Section 3.2.

          3.2  Deferral Election.  An election under Section
3.1 shall be in writing on a form delivered to the Eligible
Employee by the Company on or before the Election Date.  The
"Election Date" for an Award shall be (i) the June 30 prior to
the fiscal year of the Company in respect of which such Award
is earned (the "Measuring Year") even if the Award would
ordinarily be payable in the fiscal year following the
Measuring Year; (ii) in the event that an Award is based upon a
period that extends for three fiscal years, no later than the
June 30 of the first fiscal year applicable to such Award; or
(iii) such other date as the Committee may designate; provided,
however, that in the case of an employee who becomes an
Eligible Employee for the first time, the "Election Date" shall
be 30 days after such employee receives notice that he has
become an Eligible Employee for an Award earned or made
following such Election Date.  Each written election shall
specify which Designated Percentage of the Award covered by the
election the Participant desires to have deferred and which
Designated Deferral Period and Designated Pay-Out Schedule will
apply.  An election, once made, shall be irrevocable.


                          ARTICLE IV
                 Treatment of Deferred Amounts

          4.1  Memorandum Account.  The Company shall establish
on  its  books  a memorandum account (the "Account")  for  each
Participant  who  has Deferred Compensation  under  this  Plan.
Immediately   following  the  date  on   which   any   Deferred
Compensation  would otherwise be payable to  a  Participant  as
part  of  an  Award,  the amount of such Deferred  Compensation
shall be credited to such Participant's Account.

           4.2   Increments.  On the last day of each  calendar
quarter,  interest  shall  be credited  to  each  Participant's
Account (an "Increment"), computed separately for each Account,
on  the  balance  (if any) of such Account  as  of  such  date,
exclusive  of interest previously credited during  such  fiscal
year,  at the Plan Interest Rate.  Interest shall be compounded
annually as of each September 30.

           4.3   Plan Interest Rate.  The "Plan Interest  Rate"
shall  be  designated either by the Committee or by the  Senior
Vice  President,  Human  Resources of  the  Company,  with  the
approval of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company,  as  of
the last day of each calendar quarter.  Such interest rates may
be  designated  on  any reasonable basis and such  designations
made in good faith shall be final.

           4.4   Assets.   No  assets shall  be  segregated  or
earmarked  in respect of any Deferred Amount and no Participant
shall have any right to assign, transfer, pledge or hypothecate
his interest, or any portion thereof, in his Account.  The Plan
and the crediting of Accounts hereunder shall not constitute  a
trust  and  shall  be merely for the purpose  of  recording  an
unsecured contractual obligation.

          4.5  Reports.  Until the entire Deferred Amount in an
Account  shall have been paid in full, the Company will furnish
to  each Participant a report, at least annually, setting forth
transactions in such Account and the status of his Account.


                           ARTICLE V
                  Payment of Deferred Amounts

          5.1  Form of Payment.  All payments of Deferred
Amounts under this Plan shall be made in cash.

          5.2  Payment of Deferred Amount.  The Deferred Amount
credited to each Participant's Account with respect to any
Award (including all Increments attributable to such Award)
shall be payable to such Participant, in accordance with the
Designated Pay-Out Schedule, commencing the January immediately
following the end of the Designated Deferral Period elected
with respect to such Award.  If a Participant dies or if the
employment of a Participant is otherwise terminated (within the
meaning of Section 3.1) prior to payment of all or any portion
of the Deferred Amount, the entire Deferred Amount credited to
such Participant's Account shall (if not sooner payable) be
payable to such Participant (or, in the case of death, his
Beneficiary) in accordance with the Designated Pay-Out Schedule
commencing the January immediately following the Participant's
death or other termination of employment; provided, however,
that the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the
payment of the entire Deferred Amount in a lump-sum in January
of the year immediately following the date of such death or
termination of employment.

          5.3  Acceleration of Payments.  Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Plan to the contrary, the Committee or
the Senior Vice President, Human Resources of the Company, with
the approval of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, in
their sole discretion, are empowered to accelerate the payment
of Deferred Amounts to a Participant or to all Participants, in
the event of substantial hardship to a Participant arising out
of mental or physical disability of the Participant or an
immediate family member, death of an immediate family member or
such other cause as the Committee or the Senior Vice President,
Human Resource of the Company, with the approval of the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company shall in their sole discretion
determine to constitute hardship.  Neither the Committee nor
the Senior Vice President, Human Resources shall have any
obligation to make such acceleration for any such reason or any
other reason.


                          ARTICLE VI
                        Administration

          6.1  Committee.  The Plan shall be administered and
interpreted by a committee appointed from time to time by the
Board of Directors of the Company (the "Committee") and
consisting of three or more Directors.  Members of the
Committee shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan.
The Committee shall have full authority to construe and
interpret the terms and provisions of the Plan, to adopt, alter
and repeal such administrative rules, guidelines and practices
governing this Plan and perform all acts, including the
delegation of its administrative responsibilities as it shall,
from time to time, deem advisable, and to otherwise supervise
the administration of this Plan.  The Committee may correct any
defect, supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in
the Plan, or in any election hereunder, in the manner and to
the extent it shall deem necessary to carry the Plan into
effect.  Any decision, interpretation or other action made or
taken in good faith by or at the direction of the Company, the
Board of Directors of the Company, or the Committee (or any of
its members) arising out of or in connection with the Plan
shall be within the absolute discretion of all and each of
them, as the case may be, and shall be final, binding and
conclusive on the Company and all employees and Participants
and their respective heirs, executors, administrators,
successors and assigns.

          6.2  Liability.  No member of the Board of Directors
of the Company, no employee of the Company and no member of the
Committee (nor the Committee itself) shall be liable for any
act or action hereunder, whether of omission or commission, by
any other member or employee or by any agent to whom duties in
connection with the administration of the Plan have been
delegated or, except in circumstances involving his bad faith,
gross negligence or fraud, for anything done or omitted to be
done by himself.  The Company or the Committee may consult with
legal counsel, who may be counsel for the Company or other
counsel, with respect to its obligations or duties hereunder,
or with respect to any action or proceeding or any question of
law, and shall not be liable with respect to any action taken
or omitted by it in good faith pursuant to the advice of such
counsel.

                               
                          ARTICLE VII
                         Miscellaneous

          7.1  Amendment or Termination.  Notwithstanding any
other provision of this Plan, the Board of Directors of the
Company may at any time, and from time to time, amend, in whole
or in part, any or all of the provisions of the Plan, or
suspend or terminate it entirely, retroactively or otherwise;
provided, however, that any such amendment, suspension or
termination may not, without the Participant's consent,
adversely affect any Deferred Amount credited to him for any
calendar year ended prior to the effective date of such
amendment, suspension or termination.  Notwithstanding the
foregoing, upon any termination of this Plan, the Company may
in its sole discretion accelerate the payment of all Deferred
Amounts credited as of the date of termination of this Plan.
The Plan shall remain in effect until terminated pursuant to
this Section.

          7.2  Expenses.  The Company will bear all expenses
incurred in administering this Plan.

          7.3  Withholding.  The Company shall have the right
to deduct from any payment to be made pursuant to this Plan, or
to otherwise require prior to the payment of any amount
hereunder, payment by the Participant of, any federal, state or
local taxes required by law to be withheld.

          7.4  No Obligation.  Neither this Plan nor any
elections hereunder shall create any obligation on the Company
to continue any existing Award plans or policies or to
establish or continue any other programs, plans or policies of
any kind.  Neither this Plan nor any election made pursuant to
this Plan shall give any Participant or other employee any
right with respect to continuance of employment by the Company
or any subsidiary, nor shall there be a limitation in any way
on the right of the Company or any subsidiary by which an
employee is employed to terminate his employment at any time.

          7.5  No Assignment.  Except by will or the laws of
descent and distribution, no right or interest in any Account
or Deferred Amount under this Plan shall be assignable or
transferable, and no right or interest of any Participant in
any Account hereunder or to any Deferred Amount shall be
subject to any lien, obligation or liability of such Participant.

          7.6  Applicable Law.  This Plan and the obligations
of the Company hereunder shall be subject to all applicable
federal and state laws, rules and regulations and to such
approvals by any governmental or regulatory agency as may from
time to time be required.  The Board of Directors of the
Company may make such changes in this Plan as may be necessary
or desirable, in the opinion of the Board of Directors, to
comply with the laws, rules and regulations of any governmental
or regulatory authority, or to be eligible for tax benefits
under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or any
other laws or regulations of any federal, state, local or
foreign government.

          7.7  Governing Law.  This Plan and actions taken in
connection herewith shall be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York (regardless
of the law that might otherwise govern under applicable New
York principles of conflict of laws).

          7.8  Construction.  Wherever any words are used in
this Plan in the masculine gender they shall be construed as
though they were also used in the feminine gender in all cases
where they would so apply, and wherever any words are used
herein in the singular form they shall be construed as though
they were also used in the plural form in all cases where they
would so apply.  The titles to sections of this Plan are
intended solely as a convenience and shall not be used as an
aid in construction of any provisions thereof.

          7.9  Name.  This Plan shall be known as "The Reader's
Digest Association, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan."

          7.10 Effective Date.  The Plan, which was originally
effective as of March 8, 1985, was amended and restated
effective as of July 1, 1989 and as of July 8, 1994.

                           EXHIBIT A
                               
                               
                               
Example of Pay-Out Over Five Years

Balance 01/05/92                        50,000.00
Payment - January, 1992               - 10,000.00
                                        40,000.00

Increments to 01/05/93                  3,600.00
  (assumes 9%)                          43,600.00

Payment - January, 1993                 10,900.00
                                        32,700.00

Increments to 01/05/94                  2,616.00
  (assumes 8%)                          35,316.00

Payment - January, 1994                 11,772.00
                                        23,544.00

Increments to 01/05/95                  2,236.68
  (assumes 9.5%)                        25,780.68

Payment - January, 1995                 12,890.34
                                        12,890.34

Increments to 01/05/96                   1,031.23
  (assumes 8%)                          13,921.57

Payment - January, 1996                 13,921.57

             THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                               
                  DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
                               
                         ELECTION FORM
                               
                               
     In accordance with The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.

Deferred Compensation Plan (the "Plan") as amended and restated

as of July 1, 1989, the undersigned hereby elects to defer,

pursuant to Article III of the Plan, the following Designated

Percentage of your Management Incentive Compensation Plan Award

for the following Designated Deferral Period with the following

Designated Pay-Out Schedule:


DESIGNATED PERCENTAGE  (Insert whole number not less than 20
nor more than 100):

                 Percent

DESIGNATED DEFERRAL PERIOD  (Choose One):

   Until January 1 of                  designated year (not
   later than your
            (year) 
   attainment of age 50); or
     
   Until January 1 following the year of your retirement or
   other termination of employment.
     
DESIGNATED PAY-OUT SCHEDULE  (Choose One):

   Lump-Sum Pay-Out on January 1 following the above Designated
   Deferral Period; or
     
   Annual Installment Pay-Out for one to ten years as described
   in the Plan.
     
     
     Such Deferred Compensation shall not be payable until such

time as payment is made pursuant to the foregoing elections or

otherwise pursuant to the terms of the Plan.

     In the event of the undersigned's death, the undersigned

designates                               as the Beneficiary

under the Plan as defined in Section 2.3 of the Plan.  This

designation applies to all Deferred Amounts held from time to

time under the Plan.  All of the undersigned's prior

designations of Beneficiary are hereby revoked.

     The undersigned accepts all of the terms and conditions of

the Plan and understands that the Company retains the right to

amend and terminate the Plan and that deferred amounts may be

payable otherwise than in accordance with the foregoing

election.  All of the terms in this Election Form which are

defined in the Plan are intended to have the same meaning as

they have in the Plan and such definitions are hereby

incorporated by reference.



                                             Participant


                                             Date

RECEIVED:


[Authorized Signature]


     Date


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>


                                                     Exhibit 10.5
                                
              THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                                
              SEVERANCE PLAN FOR SENIOR MANAGEMENT
         (Amendment and Restatement as of July 8, 1994)
                                
                                
                            ARTICLE I
                                
                Purpose of Plan and Participation
                                
     1.1 The purpose of The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.
Severance Plan for Senior Management (the "Company" and the
"Plan," respectively) is to provide officers and key executives
of the Company with appropriate assurances of continued income
and other benefits for a reasonable period of time in the event
that the participant's employment is terminated by the Company
under any of the circumstances described herein.

     1.2 The Chief Executive Officer of the Company, with the
advice of the Company's Senior Vice President, Human Resources,
shall, in his absolute discretion select the participants to be
covered by this Plan from time to time.  The Chief Executive
Officer or Senior Vice President, Human Resources may notify each
individual participant of his selection and provide him with a
copy of this Plan.

     1.3 Participation in the Plan shall not in any respect be
deemed to grant the participant either a right to continued
participation in the Plan or a right to continued employment and
such employment and participation remain terminable at will by
either the Company or the participant at any time for any reason
or for no reason.

                           ARTICLE II
                                
                              Term
                                
     2.1 The Compensation Committee (the "Committee") of the
Company's Board of Directors may at any time and from time to
time modify or amend, in whole or in part, any or all of the
provisions of the Plan, or suspend or terminate it entirely.

                           ARTICLE III
                                
                     Causes for Termination
                                
     3.1 Subject to the terms of the Plan, including, but not
limited to Section 4.1 (involving a release of claims), the
benefits described in Article IV hereof shall become payable to
the participant in the event that the Company shall terminate a
participant's employment involuntarily other than for (a) "Cause"
as defined hereinafter; (b) Total Disability as defined in the
Company's Long Term Disability Plan; (c) mandatory retirement
under the Company's Mandatory Retirement Policy to the extent
such imposed retirement is permitted by law; (d) voluntary
retirement or resignation; (e) death or (f) termination in
connection with a complete divestiture by the Company of the
participant's division, provided that the participant receives a
bona fide offer of any position with the acquiring company or
entity (i) at a rate of base salary and annual bonus opportunity
which is at least equal to the participant's rate of base salary
and annual bonus opportunity with the Company at the time of the
divestiture; and (ii) at a job situs which is not more than fifty
(50) miles from the participant's primary residence at the time
the job offer is made.  The exclusion from benefits under this
Plan described in subpart (f) shall not apply if the participant,
after accepting the job offer, shall, within the initial six (6)
months of such employment, be involuntarily terminated other than
for Cause.  For the purposes of this Plan, "Cause" shall mean a
discharge from employment occurring by reason of the
participant's embezzlement, chronic unexcused absence, proven
dishonesty, fraud, conviction of felonious or other charge
involving moral turpitude, improper communication of confidential
information obtained in the course of employment material
violation of company rules, including but not limited to a
material violation of the Company's Proprietary and Confidential
Information Policy or a material violation of the Company's Code
of Conduct or action that would have constituted a material
violation of such Policy or Code of Conduct if the participant
had continued to be employed by the Company.  The determination
of whether "Cause" has occurred shall be solely in the discretion
of the Chief Executive Officer, with the advice of the Vice
President, Human Resources and the Company's General Counsel.

     3.2 No benefits shall be payable under this Plan to a
participant otherwise eligible therefor who refuses a job
assignment with the Company, provided that (a) the base salary,
annual incentive target and benefit eligibility under the
Company's long-term incentive plans of the offered position is
equal to or greater than his then current position; (b) the
participant, in the sole judgment of the Company, may be expected
to perform satisfactorily by reason of his prior training,
experience or education; and (c) the participant's commutation
from his primary residence to the situs of his new position does
not exceed his present commutation by more than fifty (50) miles.


                           ARTICLE IV
                                
                       Severance Benefits
                                
     4.1 Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no
participant shall be entitled to any payments or benefits
described in this Plan until and unless such participant (i) has
delivered a general release and waiver of claims, in a form
approved by the Company's Senior Vice President, Human Resources
and General Counsel, (ii) returns all Company property and (iii)
repays all debts or other financial obligations owed to the
Company.

     4.2.  In the event of termination with respect to which
benefits may be payable pursuant to Article III above, the
participant shall be eligible to receive severance benefits in
the amount of one (1) month's base salary for each full year of
continuous service completed prior to termination, but benefits
hereunder shall not in any event be less than twelve (12) or more
than twenty-four (24) months of base salary.  All payments
hereunder shall not extend beyond the twenty-fourth (24th) month
following a participant's termination of employment.

     4.3 Provided the participant complies with the terms of the
Plan and is otherwise eligible for benefits and payments
hereunder, severance benefits under this Plan shall be payable
commencing immediately after the last day for which the
participant is paid as an active employee and shall be made
periodically according to the Company's normal pay practice.  In
the event that the participant shall die before all periodic
payments under this Plan shall have been completed, and has not
designated in writing a beneficiary to receive such payments and
benefits, the participant's spouse or, if none, his personal
representative shall receive the balance of such payments in one
lump sum, payable as promptly as practicable after the date of
death.

     4.4 Provided the participant complies with the terms of the
Plan and is otherwise eligible for benefits and payments
hereunder, upon termination with respect to which benefits are
payable under Section 3.1 above, the Company shall make available
outplacement counselling services to the participant in a manner
determined by the Company.

     4.5 Provided the participant complies with the terms of the
Plan and is otherwise eligible for benefits and payments
hereunder, upon termination with respect to which benefits are
payable under Section 3.1, the participant shall be entitled to
purchase, at its then Blue Book value, any automobile he then
possesses which had theretofore been provided to him by the
Company.

     4.6 The Company may withhold from any benefits payable under
this Plan all federal, state, local or other taxes as shall be
required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or
ruling.

     4.7 Provided the participant complies with the terms of the
Plan and is otherwise eligible for benefits and payments
hereunder, and provided that the participant has not become
eligible for coverage with a successor employer, during the
period of benefit payments being provided under Section 4.2 of
the Plan, the participant and anyone entitled to claim under or
through him shall be entitled to continue participation in the
Company's medical, dental and group term life insurance welfare
plans on the same basis on which the participant or other
individual participated during employment, provided that the
terms of any such welfare benefit plan permits such continued
participation.  After such period, such benefits shall be
discontinued except to the extent and on the terms and conditions
required under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, 
as amended ("ERISA").
In the event that such continued participation is not permitted,
the Company shall arrange to provide the participant with
benefits during such period substantially similar to those he was
entitled to receive under such welfare benefit plans immediately
prior to his date of termination.  Cessation of coverage provided
under this Section 4.7 because the participant has become
eligible for coverage with a successor employer shall in no event
alter the participant's right, by virtue of his status as a
retiree, to coverage under any welfare benefit plan maintained by
the Company.

     4.8 (a) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 4.7,
provided the participant complies with the terms of the Plan and
is otherwise eligible for benefits and payments hereunder, upon
termination with respect to which benefits are payable under
Section 3.1, for purposes of determining the participant's
eligibility for benefits under The Reader's Digest Association,
Inc. Medical and Dental Expense Plan for Retirees and Disabled
Individuals (the "Retiree Health Plan"), the participant shall be
deemed to be a "Retiree who meets the requisite age or age and
service requirements provided by Section 1.34" of the Retiree
Health Plan if: (1) the participant's age plus the period of
benefit payments being provided under Section 4.2 of this Plan,
when added together, would equal sixty (60) years, provided the
participant was employed by the Company on and immediately prior
to January 1, 1990; or (2)(a) the participant's age plus the
period of benefit payments being provided under Section 4.2 of
this Plan, when added together, would equal fifty-five (55) years
and (b) the participant's age plus the period of benefit payments
being provided under Section 4.2 of this Plan, when added
together with the participant's years of service plus the period
of benefit payments being provided under Section 4.2 of this
Plan, would equal seventy (70) years.

         (b) To the extent the deemed credit for the period of
benefit payments being provided under Section 4.2 of this Plan
results in a participant's becoming eligible to receive any
amount under this Section 4.8, the Company shall be solely
responsible for the payment of such amount.  Any amount payable
under this Section 4.8 shall be provided in any form of payment
offered under the Retiree Health Plan as selected by the
Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion.

         (c) Neither the participant nor anyone entitled to claim
under or through the participant shall be entitled to receive any
benefits under Section 4.8 of this Plan during any period that
the participant is eligible for medical or dental coverage with a
successor employer.  Cessation of coverage provided under this
Section 4.8 because the participant has become eligible for cov
erage with a successor employer shall in no event alter the
participant's right, by virtue of his status as a retiree, to
coverage under any welfare benefit plan maintained by the
Company.

     4.9 Provided the participant complies with the terms of the
Plan and is otherwise eligible for benefits and payments
hereunder, upon termination with respect to which benefits are
payable under Section 3.1, the Company shall pay in addition to
the benefits described above an amount equal to the difference
between his monthly retirement benefit payable under The Reader's
Digest Association, Inc. Retirement Plan (the "Retirement Plan),
the Excess Benefit Retirement Plan of The Reader's Digest
Association, Inc. (the "Excess Benefit Plan") and Executive
Retirement Plan of The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. (the
"Executive Retirement Plan) and the amount that would have been
payable if his age and his aggregate periods of service under the
Retirement Plan, Excess Benefit Plan and Executive Retirement
Plan had included the number of months of benefit payments being
provided under Section 4.2 of this Plan.  To the extent the
deemed credit of age and periods of service results in a
participant's becoming eligible to receive any amount under this
Section 4.9, the Company shall be solely responsible for the
payment of such amount.  Any amount payable under this Section
4.9 shall be provided in any form of payment offered under the
Retirement Plan as selected by the Compensation Committee, in its
sole discretion, with any attendant actuarial reduction, except
that the Compensation Committee may, in its sole discretion, pay
such amount at any time in a lump sum equal to the equivalent
actuarial value of the benefit.  For purposes of determining
benefits payable under this Section 4.9, a benefit shall be
considered payable under the Executive Retirement Plan in the
case of a participant who has not attained age 65 only if the
Compensation Committee has determined under the terms of such
plan that a benefit will be paid.

     4.10    (a)  Provided the participant complies
with the terms of the Plan and is otherwise eligible for benefits
and payments hereunder, upon termination with respect to which
benefits are payable under Section 3.1, the participant shall be
credited with (1) additional periods of service under Section 7.3
of The Reader's Digest Employees Profit-Sharing Plan (the "Profit-
Sharing Plan") equal to the period of benefit payments being
provided under Section 4.2 of this Plan and (2) for purposes of
determining the participant's Early Retirement Age and Normal
Retirement Age under the Profit-Sharing Plan, additional years of
age equal to the period of benefit payments provided under
Section 4.2 of this Plan.

         (b) To the extent the deemed credit for the period of
benefit payments being provided under Section 4.2 of this Plan
results in a participant's becoming eligible to receive any
amount under this Section 4.10, the Company shall be solely
responsible for the payment of such amount.  Any amount payable
under this Section 4.10 shall be provided in any form of payment
offered under the Profit-Sharing Plan as selected by the
Compensation Committee, in its sole discretion, and shall be paid
within 60 days after the June 30 following the date payments
under Section 4.2 cease.  The amount payable under Section 4.10
shall be determined as of the June 30 following the date payments
under Section 4.2 cease.

         (c) The provisions of this Section 4.10 may result in
the Profit-Sharing Plan participant's benefit being deemed non-
forfeitable.  However, it shall not result in any additional
amount being deemed contributed to such Profit-Sharing Plan.  Any
Profit-Sharing Plan participant receiving benefits under the
Profit-Sharing Plan shall not be eligible to receive benefits
under this Section 4.10.

     4.11  If, without the prior written consent of the Chief
Executive Officer, a participant receiving payments or benefits
under this Plan shall become a proprietor, director, partner or
employee of, or otherwise become connected with any business that
is in competition with the Company (other than as a stockholder
with a non-substantial interest in any such business), or if he
shall commit any criminal act against the Company, or any act
that would constitute Cause as defined herein, or if he shall
disclose any information likely to be regarded as confidential
and relating to the Company's business, or if he shall solicit
clients against the interest of the Company or solicits the
Company's employees to work for a competitor of the Company, or
if he performs any other act which is substantially detrimental
to the Company or its employees, including but not limited to
disparaging the Company, its senior management or its products,
all payments and benefits and all rights of the participant under
this Plan shall cease as of the initial date of such conduct.
The determination of whether such conduct has occurred shall be
in the sole discretion of the Chief Executive Officer with the
advice of the Senior Vice President, Human Resources and the
General Counsel.

     4.12  Except as otherwise provided herein or in The Reader's
Digest Association, Inc. Income Continuation Plan for Senior
Management, no provision of this Plan or any benefit provided
herein shall reduce any amounts otherwise payable, or in any way
diminish a participant's existing rights, or rights which may
accrue to him solely as a result of the passage of time, under
any pension or welfare plan, incentive plan or other contract,
plan or arrangement maintained by the Company, except that a
participant shall not be eligible for any other severance payment
or benefit (similar to those described in this Plan) otherwise
provided by the Company other than pursuant to any written
agreement between the Company and a participant.

                                
                            ARTICLE V
                                
                       General Provisions
                                
     5.1 Nothing contained in the Plan shall be construed as a
contract of employment between the Company and any participant,
or as a right of any participant to continue in the employ of the
Company, or as a limitation of the right of the Company to
discharge any participant, with or without cause.  No participant
shall have any rights or remedies against the Company arising out
of the Plan or his participation therein, his employment or the
termination of his employment with the Company.

     5.2 The Plan shall be administered as an unfunded plan
designed primarily for the purpose of providing benefits to a
select group of members of senior management or highly compen
sated employees of the Company.  Payments under the Plan shall at
all times be made solely from the general assets of the Company.
No assets shall be segregated or earmarked in respect of any
amount due hereunder.  The Plan and the amounts due hereunder
shall not constitute a trust.

     5.3 A participant may not assign, anticipate, transfer,
pledge, hypothecate or alienate in any manner any interest
arising under the Plan, nor shall any such interest be subject to
attachment, bankruptcy proceedings or to any other legal
processes or to the interference or control of creditors or
others.

     5.4 Except as otherwise provided in the Plan, the Senior
Vice President, Human Resources shall be responsible for
interpreting and administering the Plan.  It is intended that any
decisions of the Committee, the Chief Executive Officer, or the
Senior Vice President, Human Resources regarding any aspect of
the Plan, including but not limited to the interpretation,
application or administration of this Plan, shall be final and
binding on all participants or interested parties.  This Plan and
actions taken in connection therewith shall be governed and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York
(regardless of the law that might otherwise govern under appli
cable New York principles of conflicts of laws) except to the
extent ERISA shall apply.

     5.5 In the construction of this Plan, the masculine shall
include the feminine and the singular the plural, and vice versa,
in all cases where such meaning would be appropriate.

     5.6 In the event any provision of this Plan, if challenged,
would be declared invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such
provision shall be construed and enforced as if it had been more
narrowly drawn so as not to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable
and the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining
provisions shall not be affected or impaired thereby.

     5.7 This Plan was originally adopted effective June 20,
1986, and has been amended and restated as of the following
dates: September 20, 1988, July 1, 1989, March 5, 1993, July 9,
1993 and July 8, 1994.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.7
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>

                              
                                                     Exhibit 10.7
                              
               EXCESS BENEFIT RETIREMENT PLAN
                              
                             OF
                              
            THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                              
           Amended and Restated as of July 1, 1994
                              
                              
                           Purpose
                              
          Section 415 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,

as amended (the "Code"), imposes certain dollar limitations

on the annual retirement benefit payable to an individual on

or after January 1, 1976, under qualified retirement plans

such as The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. Retirement

Plan (the "Retirement Plan").  Section 401(a)(17) of the

Code imposes a certain dollar limitations, as adjusted for

cost of living increases under Section 415(d) of the Code,

on the annual compensation of each individual taken into

account under the Retirement Plan.  The Reader's Digest

Association, Inc. (the "Company") has amended the Retirement

Plan to conform to the benefit limitations of the Code and

has further amended the Retirement Plan to conform to the

compensation limitations of the Code, and such amendments

(the "Limitation Amendments") will reduce the benefits that

certain employees and former employees (and their

beneficiaries) of the Company and any other Employer (as

such term is defined in the Retirement Plan) would otherwise

be entitled to receive under the Retirement Plan.  The

Company has adopted this Plan so that all employees (and

their beneficiaries) of the Company and any other Employer

(as such term is defined in the Retirement Plan) shall

receive retirement benefits in the same amounts they would

have received under the Retirement Plan were it not for the

Limitation Amendments.

                   Section 1:  Definitions

          (a)  "Employee" means any person who at any time

before the termination of this Excess Benefit Retirement

Plan (the "Plan"), and on or after January 1, 1976, was an

employee of the Company or any other Employer which shall

have adopted this Plan and while so employed was a

participant in the Retirement Plan.

          (b)  "Beneficiary" means any person or entity

other than the Employee who is entitled to receive benefits

under the Retirement Plan based upon the Employee's

participation in the Retirement Plan.

          (c)  "Employee Benefits Committee" means the

committee appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company

pursuant to the Retirement Plan.



                    Section 2:  Benefits

          (a)  The Company will pay or cause to be paid to

each Employee or his or her Beneficiary, as the case may be,

who is then entitled to receive payments under the

Retirement Plan, an amount which is equivalent to the

excess, if any, of (i) the amount such Employee or

Beneficiary would have been entitled to receive under the

Retirement Plan, taking into account all the provisions of

the Retirement Plan as are from time to time in effect and

applicable to the Employee or Beneficiary except the

Limitation Amendments, over (ii) the amount such Employee or

Beneficiary was entitled to receive under the Retirement

Plan, taking into account the Limitation Amendments.

          (b)  If an Employee or Beneficiary is entitled to

a benefit pursuant to Section 2(a) hereof, the Company shall

in its sole discretion determine to pay to such Employee or

Beneficiary either (i) a single lump sum, actuarially

equivalent to the amount payable under Section 2(a) hereof,

based on such tables and interest rates as may be adopted

from time to time for the purpose of computing such

actuarial equivalencies under the Retirement Plan, or (ii) a

series of payments in one of the forms of payment permitted

under Article 6 of the Retirement Plan, with the payments

under the selected form having an aggregate value

actuarially equivalent to such amount payable under Section

2(a) hereof.  The Company shall determine the times at which

such payments shall be made.  In no event shall benefits

hereunder commence later than one year after the participant

attained Normal Retirement Date or Postponed Retirement Date

and is receiving benefits under the Retirement Plan.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company may, in its sole

discretion, accelerate the remaining unpaid portion of such

payments into one or more payments having, in the aggregate,

an equivalent actuarial value, based on such tables and

interest rates as may be adopted from time to time for

purposes of computing such actuarial equivalencies under the

Retirement Plan.



                  Section 3:  Miscellaneous

          (a)  The Company shall only have a contractual

obligation to make payments to the Employee or Beneficiary

referred to herein when due, and the amounts of such

payments shall not be held in trust for the Employee or

Beneficiary.

          (b)  Nothing contained herein shall confer any

right of an Employee to be continued in the employ of the

Company or any other Employer or shall affect the right of

the Employee to participate in and receive benefits under

and in accordance with any pension, profit sharing,

incentive compensation or other benefit plan or program of

any Employer.

          (c)  This Plan shall be binding upon any successor

to substantially all the assets of the Company or an

Employer.  The Company may, however, at any time, amend or

terminate the Plan, retroactively or otherwise, if this is

considered necessary or desirable, including any amendment

to require that no additional benefit shall be provided with

respect to any Employee or Beneficiary under the Plan or to

require that no benefit in excess of the benefit that would

be available hereunder if the participant terminated

employment on the date of amendment or termination of this

Plan shall be provided with respect to any Employee or

Beneficiary under the Plan.  Upon any such termination of

this Plan, the Company may in its sole discretion pay all

benefits that would be available hereunder if the

participant terminated employment on the date of termination

of this Plan.  In no event, however, shall any amendment by

the Company deprive any Employee or Beneficiary of any

amount which is permitted to be payable hereunder under

applicable law and which would have been payable to such

person under the Plan prior to such amendment.

          (d)  No right or interest of an Employee or

Beneficiary under this Plan shall be subject to voluntary or

involuntary alienation, assignment or transfer of any kind.

          (e)  The administration of this Plan shall be the

responsibility of the Employee Benefits Committee of the

Retirement Plan, or such other person or entity as the

Company shall designate.  Decisions of such administrator of

the Plan shall be final and binding upon each Employer that

shall have adopted this Plan, Employees of such Employers

and the Beneficiaries of such Employees.

          (f)  The Company shall have the right to deduct

from any payment to be made pursuant to this Plan any

Federal, state or local taxes required by law to be

withheld.

          (g)  If any payment to be made under this Plan is

to be made on account of an Employee who was employed by an

Employer that shall have adopted this Plan, other than the

Company, the cost of such payment shall be borne in such

proportions as the Company and such Employer shall agree.

          (h)  This Plan shall be construed, regulated and

administered for all purposes according to the laws of the

State of New York and the United States.

          (i)  This Plan became effective as of January 1,

1976 and has been amended and restated as of July 1, 1989

and July 1, 1994.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>

                                               Exhibit 10.13










        THE READER'S DIGEST EXECUTIVE RETIREMENT PLAN
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
                              
               (Effective As of July 1, 1992)
                              
   (As amended by Amendment No. 1, effective July 8, 1994)
                              
                              
                      TABLE OF CONTENTS
                              
ITEM                                    ARTICLE        PAGE

DEFINITIONS                                1            1

ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION              2            4

TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT                  3            4

AMOUNT OF RETIREMENT INCOME BENEFIT        4            5

MODES AND TIME OF BENEFIT PAYMENT          5            6

DEATH BENEFIT                              6            7

MEDICAL BENEFITS                           7            8

GENERAL PROVISIONS                         8            9

        The Reader's Digest Executive Retirement Plan
                              
                              
     Effective as of July 1, 1992, The Reader's Digest
Executive Retirement Plan has been adopted by the Board of
Directors of The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. to read
as follows:


                          ARTICLE 1
                              
                         Definitions

     The following words and phrases as used herein shall
have the following meanings, unless a different meaning is
plainly required by the context:


BENEFICIARY:        The person or persons (including a trust
                    or estate) who are entitled to receive
                    any benefits under the Plan by reason of
                    the death of a Participant.

BOARD:              The Board of Directors of The Reader's
                    Digest Association, Inc.

COMPANY:            The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. or
                    any successor corporation by merger,
                    purchase, consolidation or otherwise.

COMPENSATION        The compensation committee appointed by
                    the Board.
COMMITTEE:

EARLY RETIREMENT    The first day of any month coincident
DATE:               with or subsequent to a Participant's
                    (i) attainment of age fifty-five (55)
                    and (ii) completion of Periods of
                    Service plus attainment of an age which,
                    when added together, equal or exceed
                    sixty-five (65).

EMPLOYER:           The Company and any subsidiary of the
                    Company which, with the approval of the
                    Board and subject to such conditions as
                    the Board may impose, adopts this Plan,
                    and any successor or successors of any
                    of them.  For purposes of this Plan, a
                    subsidiary shall include any corporation
                    at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the
                    voting stock of which is owned by the
                    Company or its stockholders or by one or
                    more corporations fifty-one percent
                    (51%) of the voting stock of which is
                    owned by the Company or its
                    stockholders.

EXCESS PLAN:        The Excess Benefit Retirement Plan of
                    The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.,
                    effective January 1, 1976 as may be
                    amended and restated from time to time.

EXCESS PLAN         The benefit under the Excess Plan
BENEFIT             expressed as a single life annuity for
                    the life of the Participant calculated
                    as of the Participant's benefit
                    commencement date under the Plan.

MANAGEMENT          Any compensation award under The
INCENTIVE BONUS:    Reader's Digest Association, Inc.
                    Management Incentive Compensation Plan,
                    effective as of July 1, 1989 as may be
                    amended and restated from time to time.

NORMAL              The first day of the month coincident
RETIREMENT DATE:    with or next following a Participant's
                    65th birthday.

PLAN:               The Reader's Digest Executive Retirement
                    Plan, effective July 1, 1992 as may be
                    amended and restated from time to time.

PARTICIPANT:        An individual who participates in the
                    Plan in accordance with the terms
                    herein.

POSTPONED           The first day of the month coincident
RETIREMENT DATE:    with or next following a Participant's
                    termination of employment after his
                    Normal Retirement Date.

PROFIT SHARING      The Reader's Digest Employees Profit-
PLAN:               Sharing Plan, effective January 1, 1963
                    and as restated as of July 1, 1992 and
                    as may be further amended and restated
                    from time to time.

PROFIT SHARING      Beginning with the fiscal year PLAN
BENEFIT:            commencing on July 1, 1989 and for each
                    fiscal year thereafter, the sum of (1)
                    the amount of employer contributions
                    under the Profit Sharing Plan allocated
                    to the Participant which exceeds 6% of
                    the sum of the Participant's (i) annual
                    base salary and (ii) Management 
                    Incentive Bonus and (2) the amount in
                    (1) above multiplied by 8% per year for
                    each year prior to the Participant's
                    benefit commencement date under the
                    Plan, expressed as a single life annuity
                    for the life of the Participant based on
                    an 8% interest rate and the PBGC
                    mortality tables for healthy males
                    calculated as of the Participant's
                    benefit commencement date under the
                    Plan.

RETIREMENT INCOME   The retirement benefits payable to
BENEFIT:            Participants and their joint or
                    contingent annuitants and Beneficiaries
                    in accordance with the applicable
                    provisions of this Plan.

RETIREMENT PLAN:    The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.
                    Retirement Plan or QSP, Inc. Retirement
                    Plan, as restated as of July 1, 1992 and
                    as such plans may be further amended and
                    restated from time to time.

RETIREMENT PLAN     The benefit payable to the Participant
BENEFIT:            under the Retirement Plan expressed as a
                    single life annuity for the life of the
                    Participant calculated as of the
                    Participant's benefit commencement date
                    under the Plan.

RETIREMENT SALARY:  The average annual regular or basic
                    salary of a Participant and Management
                    Incentive Bonus including all amounts
                    contributed by the Employer on behalf of
                    the Participant under a cafeteria plan
                    as described in Section 125 of the
                    Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
                    amended (the "Code"), but excluding
                    severance pay, bonuses which are not
                    Management Incentive Bonuses,
                    contributions made under any other
                    deferred compensation plan on behalf of
                    a Participant or other extra
                    compensation, during the three
                    consecutive years in the last ten years
                    of employment which are counted under
                    the Retirement Plan (or fewer, if
                    applicable) which provides the highest
                    such average.  For purposes of this
                    definition, the Management Incentive
                    Bonus shall be determined by reference
                    to amounts payable with respect to the
                    same period for which the annual regular
                    or basic salary is determined.

SERP AGREEMENT:     The Supplemental Retirement Benefit
                    Agreements as pertaining to individual
                    Participants.

SERP AGREEMENT      The retirement benefit payable in the
BENEFIT:            form of a 15 year certain annuity
                    calculated as of the Participant's
                    benefit commencement date specified in
                    the SERP Agreement, reduced by the
                    annual benefit which would be payable in
                    the form of a 15 year certain annuity
                    calculated as of the Participant's
                    benefit commencement date under the Plan
                    and which is attributable solely to
                    employee contributions using an annual
                    interest assumption of 8%.

SPOUSE:             The spouse of a Participant who is
                    legally married to the Participant on
                    the earlier of (i) the date of the
                    Participant's death, or (ii) the
                    Participant's benefit commencement date.

     All terms not defined herein shall have the same
meanings as set forth in the Retirement Plan.


                          ARTICLE 2
                              
                Eligibility and Participation

     Section 2.1    Unless otherwise determined by the Board

or the Compensation Committee, eligibility to participate in

the Plan shall be determined from time to time by the Senior

Vice President, Human Resources, with the approval of the

Chief Executive Officer, in their discretion, but shall be

limited to senior officers, senior management and other key

employees of an Employer.  Each Employee who has been

designated to participate in the Plan shall commence

participation on the date of his designation.

     Section 2.2    When an Employee first becomes a

Participant in the Plan, the Senior Vice President, Human

Resources may notify him promptly of that fact and of his

rights hereunder.



                          ARTICLE 3
                              
                  Termination of Employment
                              
                              
     Section 3.1    If a Participant's employment with the

Employer is terminated prior to his Early Retirement Date

other than by reason of death, no benefits shall be provided

hereunder.

     Section 3.2    If a Participant's employment with the

Employer is terminated on or after his Normal Retirement

Date, he shall be entitled to the benefits under the Plan.

If a Participant's employment with the Employer is

terminated on or after his Early Retirement Date but before

his Normal Retirement Date, he shall be entitled to the

benefits under the Plan only with the consent of the

Compensation Committee.

     Section 3.3    If a Participant's employment with the

Employer is terminated by reason of death, his Spouse shall

be entitled to the benefits under Article 6.



                          ARTICLE 4
                              
             Amount of Retirement Income Benefit
                              
     Section 4.1    Normal Retirement Benefit.  A

Participant's annual rate of Retirement Income Benefit in

the form of a single life annuity for the life of the

Participant commencing on his Normal Retirement Date shall

be equal to (1) (i) three percent (3%) of his Retirement

Salary multiplied by his years or fractions of years of

Credited Service for the first fifteen (15) years plus (ii)

one percent (1%) multiplied by his years or fractions of

years of Credited Service for each of the next twenty (20)

years, less (2) the sum of such Participant's (i) Retirement

Plan Benefit, (ii) Excess Plan Benefit, (iii) SERP Agreement

Benefit and (iv) Profit Sharing Plan Benefit.

     Section 4.2    Early Retirement Benefit.  A Participant

who retires before his Normal Retirement Date but on or

after his Early Retirement Date and who is otherwise

entitled to a benefit under the Plan may elect with the

consent of the Compensation Committee to receive the

Retirement Income Benefit described in this Article prior to

his Normal Retirement Date.  The amounts under Section

4.1(1) shall be reduced by .4167 percent (.004167) for each

month by which the Participant's benefits commencement date

under this Plan precedes the Participant's attainment of age

62.

     Section 4.3    Postponed Retirement Benefit.  Any

Participant who continues in the employ of the Employer

after Normal Retirement Date shall not be entitled to

receive his Retirement Income Benefit until he actually

retires.  A Participant who continues in the employ of the

Employer beyond the Normal Retirement Date shall have his

Retirement Income Benefit determined by counting all years

or fractions of years of Credited Service and for purposes

of determining the Retirement Salary of such Participant all

periods of employment with the Employer shall be taken into

account.



                          ARTICLE 5
                              
              Modes and Time of Benefit Payment
                              
     Section 5.1    If a Participant or Beneficiary is

entitled to a benefit hereunder, the Compensation Committee

shall in its sole discretion determine to pay to such

Participant a series of payments in one of the forms of

payment permitted under Article 6 of the Retirement Plan

(excluding any lump sum payment option, except as described

herein), with the payments under the selected form having an

aggregate value actuarially equivalent to such amount

payable under Article 4 of this Plan, based on the actuarial

equivalent factors as defined in the Retirement Plan.  The

Compensation Committee shall in its sole discretion

determine when such payments shall commence; provided,

however, that in no event shall benefits hereunder commence

later than one year after the Participant terminates

employment with the Employer after attainment of Normal

Retirement Date or Postponed Retirement Date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Compensation Committee

may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the remaining unpaid

portion of such payments into one or more payments having in

the aggregate an equivalent actuarial value, based on the

PBGC mortality tables for healthy males and one hundred

twenty (120) percent of the PBGC immediate interest rate

then in effect.  If a Participant who is receiving a

Retirement Income Benefit or who has previously received a

Retirement Income Benefit shall return to the employ of the

Employer as an Employee and such employment is substantial,

the Retirement Income Benefit shall cease for as long as he

continues to be so employed.  Upon a subsequent termination

of employment with the Employer, the Retirement Income

Benefit of such Employee shall be recomputed based on his

Retirement Salary and years or fraction of years of Credited

Service prior and subsequent to his re-employment date and

reduced by the Retirement Income Benefit previously received

by him.  In determining such previously received benefit,

equivalent actuarial value shall be based on the PBGC

mortality tables for healthy males and one hundred twenty

(120) percent of the PBGC immediate interest rate then in

effect.  For purposes of this Article, an Employee's

employment with the Employer shall be substantial if he

renders forty (40) or more Hours of Service (except for

Hours of Service credited as a result of back pay) in a

calendar month.



                          ARTICLE 6
                              
                        Death Benefit
                              
     Section 6.1    In the event of a married Participant's

death while in the employ of the Employer prior to his

benefit commencement date under the Plan after attainment of

age fifty-five (55) and the completion of a five-year Period

of Service (without regard to any break-in-service rules

applicable under the Retirement Plan), his Spouse shall

receive, commencing on the first working day of the month

following the Participant's death, the benefit under the

Plan in the form and amount such Spouse would otherwise have

received under the 50% qualified joint and survivor annuity

form if the Participant had terminated employment with the

Employer on the day before his death and had been entitled

to benefits under the Plan at the time of termination in the

form of a 50% qualified joint and survivor annuity.

     Section 6.2    In the event of a Participant's death

after benefits under the Plan have commenced, his

Beneficiary shall receive any amounts provided under the

form of payment under which the Participant was receiving

such benefits at the time of his death.



                          ARTICLE 7
                              
                      Medical Benefits
                              
                              
     Section 7.1    If any Participant terminates employment

with the Employer on or after his Early Retirement Date,

such Participant and his Spouse with the consent of the

Compensation Committee shall be eligible to receive the

benefits provided under The Reader's Digest Association,

Inc. Medical and Dental Expense Plan for Retirees and

Disabled Individuals (the "Retiree Health Plan") as if the

Participant had met the eligibility requirements under such

plan, provided that the Participant or Spouse makes the

contributions required under such plan.

     Section 7.2    If a married Participant dies while in

the employ of the Employer prior to his benefit commencement

date under the Plan after attaining age fifty-five (55) and

the completion of a five-year Period of Service (without

regard to any break-in-service rules applicable under the

Retirement Plan), his Spouse shall be eligible to receive

the benefits provided under the Retiree Health Plan as if

the Participant had retired prior to his death having

satisfied the eligibility requirements of such plan,

provided that such Spouse makes the contributions required

under such plan.

     Section 7.3    If a married Participant dies following

the Participant's retirement from the Employer after

attaining his Early Retirement Date, his Spouse shall be

eligible to receive the benefits provided under the Retiree

Health Plan as if the Participant had retired prior to his

death having satisfied the eligibility requirements of such

plan, provided that such Spouse makes the contributions

required under such plan.



                          ARTICLE 8
                              
                     General Provisions
                              

     Section 8.1    The Employer shall only have a

contractual obligation to make payments to the Participant

or Beneficiary, as applicable, referred to herein when due,

and the amounts of such payments shall not be held in trust

for the Participant or Beneficiary, as applicable, but shall

be paid from the general assets of the Employer.  This Plan

is intended to constitute an unfunded plan and no assets

shall be segregated or earmarked in respect of any amount

due hereunder.

     Section 8.2    Nothing contained herein shall confer

any right on a Participant to be continued in the employ of

the Company or any other Employer, or as a limitation of the

right of the Company or Employer to discharge any

Participant with or without cause, nor shall anything herein

affect the right of the Participant to participate in and

receive benefits under and in accordance with any pension,

profit sharing, incentive compensation or other benefit plan

or program of any Employer.  Nothing herein shall be

construed as a contract of employment between the Employer

and any Participant.

     Section 8.3    This Plan shall be binding upon any

successor to or purchaser of substantially all the assets of

the Company or an Employer with respect to such Employer's

Employees.  The Board reserves the right at any time and

from time to time to modify, amend or terminate in whole or

in part any or all of the provisions of the Plan.  Upon any

such termination of this Plan, the Company may in its sole

discretion accelerate payment of all benefits that are in

pay status on the date of termination and benefits to which

a Participant or Beneficiary, as applicable, would be

entitled under the terms of the Plan then in effect based on

events which occur prior to the date of termination of the

Plan.  In no event, however, shall any modification,

amendment or plan termination by the Board deprive any

Participant or Beneficiary, as applicable, of any amount

which is payable to such person under the Plan by reason of

the Participant's attainment of age 65 or death prior to

such modification, termination or amendment.

     Section 8.4    No right or interest of a Participant or

Beneficiary, as applicable, under this Plan shall be subject

to voluntary or involuntary alienation, assignment or

transfer of any kind.

     Section 8.5    The administration of this Plan and the

interpretation thereof, including the authority to decide

all questions that arise thereunder, shall be the

responsibility of the Compensation Committee or such other

person or entity as the Company shall designate.  The

decisions and interpretations of such administrator of the

Plan shall be final and binding upon each Employer that

shall have adopted this Plan, Employees of such Employers,

each Participant and his Beneficiary, and other interested

parties.

     Section 8.6    The Company shall have the right to

deduct from any payment to be made pursuant to this Plan any

Federal, state, local or other taxes required by law to be

withheld.

     Section 8.7    If any payment to be made under this

Plan is to be made on account of a Participant who was

employed by an Employer that shall have adopted this Plan,

other than the Company, the cost of such benefit payment

shall be borne by the Employer of the Employee.

     Section 8.8    This Plan shall be construed, regulated

and administered for all purposes according to the laws of

the State of New York and the United States.

     Section 8.9    No member of the Board, no Employee and

no member of the Compensation Committee (nor the

Compensation Committee itself) shall be liable for any act

or action hereunder, including acts of omission or

commission, by any other member or Employee or by any agent

to whom duties in connection with the administration of the

Plan have been delegated or, except in circumstances

involving bad faith, gross negligence or fraud, for anything

done or omitted to be done by himself.

     Section 8.10   Wherever any words are used in this Plan

in the masculine gender they shall be construed as though

they were also used in the feminine gender in all cases

where they would so apply, and wherever any words are used

herein in the singular form they shall be construed as

though they were also used in the plural form in all cases

where they would so apply.

     Section 8.11   In the event any provision of this Plan,

if challenged, would be declared invalid, illegal or

unenforceable, such provision shall be construed and

enforced as if it had been more narrowly drawn so as not to

be illegal, invalid or unenforceable and the validity,

legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions

shall not be affected or impaired thereby.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>7
<TEXT>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Financial Highlights
                                                                                           
 Dollars in thousands, except per share data                1994           1993**    % Change
 <S>                                                    <C>             <C>             <C>
 Revenues                                               $ 2,806,412     $ 2,868,637     -2%
   Cost of Sales, Fulfillment and Distribution Expense    1,080,139       1,111,198     -3%
   Promotion, Selling and Administrative Expense          1,370,391       1,404,787     -2%
   Effect of Promotion Accounting Changes, net *           (113,864)            ---     ---
   Other Operating Items *                                   76,001             ---     ---
                                                                                    
 Operating Profit                                           393,745         352,652     12%
                                                                        
Income Before Cumulative Effect of Changes in                                       
   Accounting Principles                                    272,117         258,250      5%
                                                                                    
Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting                                          
   Principles                                               (25,830)        (50,938)    N/M
 
Net Income                                               $  246,287      $  207,312     19%
                                                                         
                                                                                    
 Earnings Per Share Before Cumulative Effect of                                     
  Changes in Accounting Principles                       $     2.34      $     2.16      8%
                                                                                    
 Cumulative Effect of Changes in Accounting                                         
  Principles                                                   (.23)           (.42)    N/M
                                                                                    
 Earnings Per Share                                           $2.11      $     1.74     21%
 
 Dividends Per Common Share                              $     1.35      $     1.15     17%
                                                                        
                                                                                    
 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Short-term Investments                                  
  and Marketable Securities                              $  766,857      $  723,359      6%
                                                                                    
 Total Assets                                            $2,049,360      $1,872,408      9%
                                                         
 Stockholders' Equity                                    $  790,984      $  806,267     -2%
 

  N/M - Not meaningful.

* See Management's Discussion and Analysis on page 22 and
  Note 1 and Note 2 of the accompanying consolidated
  financial statements on pages 30-31 for discussion of
  Changes in Accounting Principles and Other Operating
  Items.

**In accordance with the provisions of Statement of
  Position 93-7, Statement of Financial Accounting
  Standards No. (SFAS) 112 and SFAS 115, amounts for 1993
  have not been restated for 1994 accounting changes.
</TABLE>

Management's Discussion and Analysis

Results of Operations

Fiscal 1994 Compared With Fiscal 1993

Changes in Accounting Principles  On July 1, 1993, the
company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. (SFAS) 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment
Benefits."  As a result of the adoption, the company
recognized an after-tax charge of $25.8 million for the
cumulative effect of severance and disability costs related
to prior service.  The additional pre-tax operating expense
in 1994 associated with this change was approximately $3.6
million.
 During the fourth quarter of 1994, the company adopted
Statement of Position (SOP) 93-7, "Reporting on Advertising
Costs," retroactive to July 1, 1993.  Effective with the
adoption of SOP 93-7, the company will defer the costs of
direct response advertising (promotion) and amortize such
costs over the period the related revenues are expected to
be earned.  The company's former practice was to expense
these costs as incurred.  As required by the provisions of
SOP 93-7, there were no adjustments to prior years' reported
results or to the company's consolidated balance sheet as of
July 1, 1993.
 During the fourth quarter of 1994 and retroactive to July
1, 1993, the company changed its accounting for premiums to
defer and amortize such costs over the period of the related
revenues.  The company's former practice was to expense
these costs as incurred.  During the fourth quarter of 1994
and retroactive to July 1, 1993, the company changed its
accounting policy to expense external product development
costs as incurred.  The company's former practice was to
defer and expense such costs against the initial revenues
generated.  The impact of the product development and
premium accounting changes on prior years was not
significant.
 As a result of the accounting changes for promotion,
premiums and product development ("effect of promotion
accounting changes, net"), 1994 results reflect a one-time
increase in operating profit of $113.9 million, or $.60 per
share after taxes.
 As of June 30, 1994, the company adopted SFAS 115,
"Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities," which affects the value at which certain
investments are recorded in the company's consolidated
balance sheet.  This adoption had no effect on the company's
consolidated statement of income in 1994.  However, as a
result of SFAS 115, the company's short-term investments and
marketable securities were recorded in the consolidated
balance sheet at fair value with the net unrealized gains
and losses on these investments shown as a separate
component of stockholders' equity, net of its related tax
effects.

Other Operating Items  In the fourth quarter of 1994, the
company recorded aggregate charges of $76.0 million, or $.51
per share after taxes, for certain other operating items.
These charges relate to losses on lease terminations and
provisions for certain claims against the company.

Revenues/Operating Profit  Worldwide revenues for 1994 were
$2.81 billion, a decrease of $62 million, or 2%, compared
with 1993.  Excluding the effects of changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, revenues increased about 3%.
Worldwide operating profit for 1994 was $393.7 million.
Worldwide operating profit before the effect of promotion
accounting changes, net and other operating items was $355.9
million, an increase of $3.2 million over 1993.  Excluding
the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, as
well as the effect of promotion accounting changes, net and
other operating items, operating profit increased $36.0
million, or 10%, over 1993.
 Postage, paper and printing costs are a significant
component of the company's operating expenses.  The company
expects that the U.S. government will implement an increase
in postal charges across most classes of mail in early 1995.
International postal rates also are likely to increase over
the next several years.  The company is evaluating ways to
reduce postage costs, such as increasing the use of bar
coding, better packaging and improving the sorting of mail.
Industry paper prices per ton have decreased over the past
few years.  The company believes that this trend is unlikely
to continue and prices may start to rise in 1995.  Worldwide
printing costs rose less than the rate of inflation in 1994.
The company is coordinating many of its supply contracts and
purchasing activities and developing production synergies
between countries with the intention of reducing costs
through economies of scale and improving global quality
standards.

The following discussion of segment results is exclusive of
the effect of the promotion accounting changes, net and
other operating items.

Geographic Areas  The company has operations in the United
States and in various international locations.
International locations are divided between operations in
Europe and Other Markets.

Revenues by Geographic Area

In millions                    1994               1993
United States                 $1,117.8            $1,157.3
Europe                         1,301.0             1,322.5
Other Markets                    396.8               398.9
Inter-area                        (9.2)              (10.1)
Total revenues                $2,806.4            $2,868.6

                                                 % Change
                              % Change        Excl. Exchange
United States                   -3%                -3%
Europe                          -2%                 9%
Other Markets                    0%                 4%
Total revenues                  -2%                 3%

Operating Profit by Geographic Area

In millions                   1994                 1993
United States                 $229.3               $196.1
Europe                         160.0                169.6
Other Markets                   23.5                 50.1
Effect of promotion                                 
accounting changes, net        113.9                ---
Other operating items          (76.0)               ---
Corporate expense              (57.0)               (63.1)
Total operating profit        $393.7               $352.7

                                                 % Change
                              % Change        Excl. Exchange
United States                  17%                  17%
Europe                         -6%                  12%
Other Markets                 -53%                 -46%

United States revenues decreased 3% mainly due to planned
lower levels of activity in the books and home entertainment
products business and a decrease in Reader's Digest magazine
advertising revenue.  It has been over twelve months since
the company initially discussed performance issues in the
U.S. books and home entertainment business.  The measures
put in place since the spring of 1993 are meeting the
company's expectations.  Better targeting of mailings and
promotional activity has led to higher response rates, fewer
returns of products and better payment performance.  The
company is increasingly confident that it is on track to
return this business to historical growth levels by the end
of fiscal 1995 as planned.  United States operating profit
increased 17% over the prior year.  This profit increase
primarily came from reduced promotional expenses, which more
than offset the decline in revenues in the U.S books and
home entertainment business.
 Revenues and operating profit in Europe decreased 2% and
6%, respectively.  Excluding the effect of changes in
foreign currency exchange rates, revenues and operating
profit increased 9% and 12%, respectively.  These increases
came primarily from higher books and home entertainment
products sales.
 Revenues from Other Markets were approximately the same as
the prior year.  Excluding the effect of changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, revenues increased 4%.  Operating
profit from Other Markets decreased 53%.  Excluding the
effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates,
operating profit decreased 46%.  This 46% decrease was
caused primarily by increased costs associated with a change
in marketing approach  at a subsidiary.  The remaining
decrease in operating profit is attributable to higher
intercompany royalty expense compared with the prior year.
 Operating profit for the United States includes
intercompany royalty income, which is charged annually to
the company's international subsidiaries and which is
designed to compensate the United States for a variety of
intangibles, including utilization of tradenames,
trademarks, copyrights and editorial and marketing know-how.
Without the intercompany royalty, United States operating
profit would have been $135.1 million in 1994 and $115.5
million in 1993, an increase of 17%; operating profit for
Europe would have been $231.3 million in 1994 and $231.7
million in 1993; and operating profit for Other Markets
would have been $46.4 million in 1994 and $68.6 million in
1993, a decrease of 32%.

Other Income, Net  Other income, net increased slightly to
$69.5 million compared with $67.3 million a year ago.  This
increase was primarily the result of increased gains on
certain investments ($42.6 million in 1994 compared with
$29.4 million in 1993) and lower interest expense ($2.3
million in 1994 compared with $4.7 million in 1993),
partially offset by the effects of foreign exchange
transactions and hedging activity ($5.7 million expense in
1994 compared with $1.4 million expense in 1993) and
decreased interest income ($42.9 million in 1994 compared
with $51.7 million in 1993).

Earnings Per Share

                               1994       1993
Before cumulative effect of                
accounting changes            $2.34       $2.16
Cumulative effect of                       
accounting changes            (.23)       (.42)
Earnings per share             $2.11      $1.74

Earnings per share before the cumulative effect of
accounting changes was $2.34, an increase of 8% from $2.16
in the prior year.  Excluding the effect of promotion
accounting changes, net and other operating items, earnings
per share before the cumulative effect of accounting changes
increased 4% to $2.25.  This increase exceeded operating
profit growth (before the effect of promotion accounting
changes, net and other operating items) because of higher
gains from certain investments and the reduction in
outstanding shares due to the company's ongoing share
repurchase program.  Excluding the combined total effect of
foreign exchange and gains on certain investments, earnings
per share before the cumulative effect of accounting changes
and the effect of the promotion accounting changes, net and
other operating items increased about 10%.

Business Segments  The company's operations are divided into
four business segments:
(1) Reader's Digest magazine, (2) books and home
entertainment products, (3) special interest magazines and
(4) other businesses.

Revenues by Business Segment

In millions                        1994              1993
Reader's Digest magazine          $689.1            $720.0
Books and home entertainment     1,900.3           1,958.1
products
Special interest magazines          90.6              84.1
Other businesses                   129.6             110.4
Inter-segment                       (3.2)             (4.0)
Total revenues                  $2,806.4          $2,868.6

                                                 % Change
                                % Change      Excl. Exchange
Reader's Digest magazine          -4%                0%
Books and home entertainment      -3%                4%
products
Special interest magazines         8%                8%
Other businesses and inter-                        
segment sales, net                19%               21%
Total revenues                    -2%                3%

Operating Profit by Business Segment

In millions                      1994             1993
Reader's Digest magazine         $78.6            $97.3
Books and home entertainment     310.8            307.2
products
Special interest magazines       (3.2)            (9.2)
Other businesses                 26.6             20.5
Effect of promotion accounting                    
changes, net                    113.9             ---
Other operating items           (76.0)            ---
Corporate expense               (57.0)           (63.1)
Total operating profit         $393.7           $352.7

                                                % Change
                                 % Change    Excl. Exchange
Reader's Digest magazine          -19%            -15%
Books and home entertainment        1%             11%
products
Special interest magazines        66%             66%
Other businesses                  30%             29%

Reader's Digest magazine  Reader's Digest magazine revenues
decreased $30.9 million, or 4%.  Excluding the effect of
changes in foreign currency exchange rates, revenues were
about equal to those of the prior year.  Advertising
revenues declined $25.9 million due to a decrease in
advertising pages in a difficult global advertising
environment.  About one-third of the decrease in advertising
revenues  caused by the fewer advertising pages was offset
by higher advertising rates.  The remaining decrease in
magazine revenues was offset by increased subscription
pricing.  For 1994, average circulation levels on a global
basis declined slightly compared with the prior year
principally as a result of the reduction in the U.S. rate
base effective January 1, 1994.  Operating profit decreased
$18.7 million, or 19%.  Excluding the effect of changes in
foreign currency exchange rates, operating profit decreased
about 15%, primarily because of lower advertising revenues.
Promotion costs also increased in selected markets.

Books and home entertainment products  Books and home
entertainment products revenues decreased 3%, or $57.8
million.  Excluding the effect of changes in foreign
currency exchange rates, revenues increased about 4%.  This
increase was primarily attributable to higher prices and
sales of a higher priced product mix.  U.S. revenues
declined compared with the prior year consistent with the
company's strategy of optimizing its U.S. profitability
through lower levels of activity in order to form a solid
customer base for future growth.  Lower U.S. revenues were
more than offset by higher international revenues.
Operating profit increased $3.6 million, or 1%.  Excluding
the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates,
operating profit increased about 11% as a result of higher
U.S. profits caused by decreased promotional spending
related to the lower activity and higher international
profits due to higher revenues.

Special interest magazines  Special interest magazines
revenues increased $6.5 million, or 8%.  Revenues improved
in all titles compared with the prior year.  Approximately
three-fourths of the increase in revenues was caused by
increased advertising revenues due to increased advertising
rates.  The balance of the increase was due to higher
subscription pricing.  Circulation levels remained
approximately the same as the prior year.  Special interest
magazines operating loss was reduced by $6.0 million, or
66%.  This improvement was primarily a result of stronger
performance in all titles and lower amortization of
intangible assets.  Amortization expense included in
operating costs was $3.2 million and $5.7 million for 1994
and 1993, respectively.

Other businesses  Revenues for other businesses, net of
inter-segment sales, increased $20.0 million to $126.4
million in 1994, or 19%.  This increase in revenues was
principally attributable to higher unit sales at QSP, Inc.
Operating profit increased $6.1 million to $26.6 million in
1994, or 30%, primarily due to the increased revenues.

Corporate expense  Corporate expense declined compared with
the prior year due to lower compensation costs and outside
consulting fees.

Foreign Exchange  The effects of changes in foreign currency
exchange rates reduced 1994 earnings per share by about $.20
compared with 1993.  In the fourth quarter of 1994, the
company hedged its foreign currency exchange exposure for
fiscal 1995 with the purchase of foreign exchange options.
These hedges were implemented at exchange rates and in
amounts designed to minimize the unfavorable effect of
currency fluctuations on 1995 earnings per share.  As these
options are required to be reported at fair value, the
company may experience some impact on 1995 quarterly results
from currency fluctuations, but expects there will be no
adverse impact on full year earnings per share.

Fiscal 1993 Compared With Fiscal 1992

Changes in Accounting Principles  During the fourth quarter
of 1993, the company adopted SFAS 106, "Employers'
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions,"
and SFAS 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," retroactively
effective July 1, 1992.  As a result of the adoption of SFAS
106, the company recognized about $6.4 million of additional
expense in 1993.  Results for 1992 were not restated.

Revenues/Operating Profit  Worldwide 1993 revenues were
$2,868.6 million, an increase of $254.6 million, or 10%,
over 1992.  Worldwide operating profit for 1993 was $352.7
million.  Worldwide operating profit before the accounting
changes was $359.1 million, an increase of $28.9 million, or
9%, over 1992.  The effect of changes in foreign currency
exchange rates on worldwide revenues and operating profit
was minimal.

Revenues by Geographic Area

In millions            1993            1992
United States          $1,157.3        $1,146.7
Europe                  1,322.5         1,114.0
Other Markets             398.9           362.0
Inter-area                (10.1)           (8.7)
Total revenues         $2,868.6        $2,614.0

Operating Profit by Geographic Area

                          1993              1993            
                          After            Before           
                       Accounting        Accounting         
In millions              Changes          Changes      1992
United States       $196.1            $205.4           $197.3
Europe               169.6             169.6            146.5
Other Markets         50.1              50.1             58.7
Corporate expense    (63.1)            (66.0)           (72.3)
Total operating     $352.7            $359.1           $330.2
profit

United States revenues increased 1%.  United States
operating profit before 1993 accounting changes increased
$8.1 million, or 4%, compared with 1992.  In 1993,
intercompany royalty income increased.  Without this
increase in intercompany royalty income, operating profit in
the United States decreased by 10%.  The decrease primarily
came from lower sales and lower operating profit of books
and home entertainment products.  The company addressed the
sequencing of U.S. product offerings, the selection of
customers to receive such offerings and the varying of its
product promotions.  Given the long lead time in the direct
mail marketing business, the company estimated that it could
require 12 to 24 months to return U.S. books and home
entertainment to its historic growth.  The company also
implemented cost control measures giving it additional
financial leverage during this period.
 Revenues and operating profit in Europe increased 19% and
16%, respectively.  The increase in operating profit came
primarily from higher books and home entertainment product
sales.
 Revenues from Other Markets increased 10%.  Operating
profit from Other Markets decreased 15% because of higher
intercompany royalty expense and an unfavorable effect of
changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  Excluding these
effects, the operating profit of Other Markets was
essentially flat.
 Without the intercompany royalty, United States operating
profit before 1993 accounting changes would have been $124.7
million in 1993 and $144.2 million in 1992, a decrease of
14%; operating profit for Europe would have been $231.7
million in 1993 and $186.0 million in 1992, an increase of
25%; and operating profit for Other Markets would have been
$68.6 million in 1993 and $72.3 million in 1992, a decrease
of 5%.

Other Income, Net  Other income, net increased $16.4 million
over 1992.  The increase came primarily from gains on the
sales of investments ($29.4 million in 1993 compared with
$20.7 million in 1992) and the effect of foreign exchange
($0.5 million expense in 1993 compared with $12.9 million
expense in 1992).

Earnings Per Share

                                  1993      1992
Before cumulative and current                
year effect of 1993 accounting    $2.20     $1.95
changes
Incremental current year expense             
from SFAS 106                     (.04)       --
Before cumulative effect of 1993             
accounting changes                $2.16     $1.95
Cumulative effect of 1993                    
accounting changes                $(.42)      --
Earnings per share                $1.74     $1.95

Before the effect of the 1993 accounting changes, earnings
per share increased 13% to $2.20 compared with $1.95 in
1992.  Excluding the effect of foreign exchange, earnings
per share before 1993 accounting changes increased about 9%
in 1993 compared with 1992.

Revenues by Business Segment

In millions                     1993         1992
Reader's Digest magazine          $720.0       $685.0
Books and home entertainment     1,958.1      1,744.8
products
Special interest magazines          84.1         75.5
Other businesses                   110.4        112.9
Inter-segment                       (4.0)        (4.2)
Total revenues                  $2,868.6     $2,614.0

Operating Profit by Business Segment

                                     1993         1993           
                                    After        Before          
                                  Accounting   Accounting        
In millions                        Changes       Changes    1992
Reader's Digest magazine        $97.3          $99.9        $96.8
Books and home entertainment                                
products                        307.2          312.4        303.0
Special interest magazines       (9.2)          (9.2)       (19.5)
Other businesses                 20.5           22.0         22.2
Corporate expense               (63.1)         (66.0)       (72.3)
Total operating profit         $352.7         $359.1       $330.2

Reader's Digest magazine  Reader's Digest magazine revenues
increased $35 million, or 5%.  About two-thirds of the
increase came from higher subscription pricing.  Circulation
levels remained approximately the same.  The balance of the
increase was a result of increased advertising revenues
which benefited almost equally from an increase in
advertising pages and higher rates.  Operating profit before
the 1993 accounting changes increased $3.1 million, or 3%,
primarily as a result of the higher revenues.  The effect of
changes in foreign currency exchange rates on revenues and
operating profit was minimal.

Books and home entertainment products  Books and home
entertainment products revenues increased $213.3 million, or
12%.  Revenues in the United States were lower compared with
last year.  This decrease was more than offset by higher
sales in international locations.  Total segment revenues
increased principally because of higher unit sales.
Operating profit before the 1993 accounting changes
increased $9.4 million, or 3%, resulting from increased
international revenues and operating profit, partially
offset by lower sales and operating profit in the United
States.  The impact of changes in foreign currency exchange
rates on revenues and operating profit was minimal.

Special interest magazines  Special interest magazines
revenues increased $8.6 million, or 11%, over the previous
year primarily because of higher subscription rates and, to
a lesser extent, from increased advertising pages.
Circulation levels remained approximately the same.  This
segment generated a lower operating loss of $9.2 million in
1993, compared with an operating loss of $19.5 million in
1992.  This $10.3 million improvement came from better
operating performance in all titles and lower amortization
expense.

Corporate expense  Corporate expense before 1993 accounting
changes declined principally because of lower compensation
costs.


Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and
marketable securities increased $44 million to $767 million
at June 30, 1994, compared with $723 million at June 30,
1993.  Approximately $19 million of this increase was the
result of the adoption of SFAS 115 under which the company's
current investments are reported at fair value and include
the net unrealized gains on these investments.  The
remaining increase was primarily the result of cash provided
from operations ($315 million) partially offset by the
repurchase of 3.6 million shares of Class A nonvoting common
stock in fiscal 1994 ($150 million) and payments for
dividends ($158 million).
 The company increased its quarterly dividend on common
stock from $.30 per share to $.35 per share during the year.
The fiscal 1994 full-year dividend payment was $1.35 per
share compared with $1.15 per share in fiscal 1993, an
increase of 17%.  The company is currently paying dividends
at an annualized rate of $1.40 per share.
 In March 1994, the company announced a third share
repurchase program to acquire up to an additional five
million shares of Class A nonvoting common stock.  In fiscal
1994 the company completed its second program, announced in
May 1993, to repurchase three million shares of Class A
nonvoting common stock.  During fiscal 1993 the company
completed its first program, announced in February 1992, to
repurchase three million shares of Class A nonvoting common
stock.
 Capital expenditures for the year ended June 30, 1994 were
$42 million.  Expenditures were primarily for management
information systems equipment.
 The company believes that its liquidity, capital resources
and cash flow are sufficient to fund normal capital
expenditures, working capital requirements, the payment of
dividends and the company's share repurchase program.  The
company also believes its liquidity, capital resources and
cash flow are sufficient to finance present plans to expand
existing product lines in existing markets, and to identify
and develop new products and markets.

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME    
The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.
and Subsidiaries
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Years ended June 30,
Amounts in thousands, except per share data             1994           1993        1992
<S>                                                  <C>          <C>         <C>
Revenues                                             $2,806,412   $ 2,868,637 $ 2,613,958
Cost of sales, fulfillment and distribution expense   1,080,139     1,111,198   1,015,116        
Promotion, selling and administrative expense         1,370,391     1,404,787   1,268,628
Effect of promotion accounting changes, net            (113,864)         ---         ---
Other operating items                                    76,001          ---         ---
Total operating expenses                              2,412,667     2,515,985   2,283,744
Operating profit                                        393,745       352,652     330,214
Other income, net                                        69,491        67,267      50,897
Income before provision for income taxes and                                  
cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles   463,236       419,919     381,111
Provision for income taxes                              191,119       161,669     146,728
Income before cumulative effect of changes in                                 
accounting principles                                   272,117       258,250     234,383
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting                                    
principles for:
  Postemployment benefits (net of tax benefit of        (25,830)        ---         ---
  $16,170)
  Income taxes                                            ---           2,375       ---
  Postretirement benefits (net of tax benefit of          ---         (53,313)      ---
  $33,375)                                                          
Net income                                             $246,287      $207,312    $234,383
                                                                              
Earnings per share:
  Before cumulative effect of changes in accounting     $  2.34      $   2.16       $1.95
principles 
  Cumulative effect of changes in accounting                                  
principles for:                                            (.23)        ---         ---
     Postemployment benefits                              ---             .02       ---
     Income taxes                                         ---            (.44)      ---
     Postretirement benefits
  Earnings per share                                    $  2.11      $   1.74        1.95
Average common shares outstanding                       115,716       118,702     119,800


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. and Subsidiaries
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                       June 30,
Amounts in thousands                                            1994             1993
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>
Assets                                                                      
Current assets:                                                             
Cash and cash equivalents                                    $183,228      $  183,526
Short-term investments                                        211,454         206,585
Receivables, less allowances for returns and bad debts of                   
$209,472 in                                                   392,849         380,421
  1994 and $198,406 in 1993
Inventories                                                   167,282         169,458
Prepaid expenses and other current assets                     242,435         134,733
Total current assets                                        1,197,248       1,074,723
Marketable securities                                         372,175         333,248
Other long-term investments                                    51,296          55,533
Property, plant and equipment, net                            241,743         235,160
Intangible assets, net                                         69,712          73,765
Other noncurrent assets                                       117,186          99,979
Total assets                                               $2,049,360      $1,872,408
                                                                            
                                                                            
Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity                                        
Current liabilities:                                                        
Notes payable                                                 $   ---       $   5,253
Accounts payable                                              205,489         172,508
Accrued expenses                                              346,706         240,256
Federal and foreign income taxes                               84,428          75,845
Unearned revenue                                              388,833         371,100
Other current liabilities                                      14,466          16,364
Total current liabilities                                   1,039,922         881,326
Long-term notes payable                                         8,698           8,083
Postretirement and postemployment benefits other than         122,125          89,884
pensions
Other noncurrent liabilities                                   87,631          86,848
Total liabilities                                           1,258,376       1,066,141
Stockholders' equity:                                                       
Capital stock                                                  29,653          29,162
Paid-in capital                                                90,320          77,320
Retained earnings                                           1,004,992         916,420
Foreign currency translation adjustment                       (22,141)        (35,906)
Net unrealized gains on certain investments                    11,900             ---
Less:  Treasury stock, at cost                               (323,740)       (180,729)
Total stockholders' equity                                    790,984         806,267
Total liabilities and stockholders' equity                 $2,049,360     $ 1,872,408

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. and Subsidiaries
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Years ended June 30,
Amounts in thousands                                      1994           1993        1992
<S>                                                    <C>          <C>          <C>           
Cash flows from operating activities: 
Net income                                             $246,287     $   207,312  $  234,383
Depreciation and amortization                            42,167          45,092      43,167
Gain on marketable securities and other investments     (42,566)        (29,398)    (20,729)
Cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles    25,830          50,938      --
Changes in assets and liabilities                        43,399         (23,355)     28,801
Net cash provided by operating activities               315,117         250,589     285,622
                                                                                
Cash flows from investing activities:
Proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable                                
securities
 and short-term investments                             275,438         128,717     448,278
Purchases of marketable securities and short-term      (277,027)       (134,889)   (490,154)      
investments                                                      
Capital expenditures                                    (42,194)        (47,957)    (44,431)
Proceeds from other long-term investments, net           19,575           9,155     (12,236)
Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment      3,085           3,926       2,880
Net cash used in investing activities                   (21,123)        (41,048)    (95,663)
                                                                                
Cash flows from financing activities:
Dividends paid                                         (157,715)       (138,030)    (97,111)
Common stock repurchased                               (150,321)       (166,187)    (14,764)
Other, net                                                2,833           7,216         (94)
Net cash used in financing activities                  (305,203)       (297,001)   (111,969)
Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                  10,911         (21,717)     23,079
Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents       (298)       (109,177)    101,069
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year          183,526         292,703     191,634
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year               $183,228        $183,526    $292,703


Supplemental disclosures regarding cash flows are in Note
14.  See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements.

</TABLE>

The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.
and Subsidiaries

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Amounts in thousands, except per share data
                                        Capital Stock                               Foreign       Net                  
                                                      Unamort.                     Currency  Unrealized                      
                                  Preferred  Common  Restricted  Paid-In  Retained    Trans.   Gains on   Treasury           
                                    Stock    Stock     Stock    Capital  Earnings   Adjust.  Investments     Stock      Total
<S>                              <C>      <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>          <C>        <C>          <C>
Balance at June 30, 1991         $28,846  $1,395     $(1,071)  $36,511  $709,866  $(15,725)    $  --      $   (200)    $759,622 
Net income                         --        --         --        --     234,383        --        --         --         234,383
Translation adjustment             --        --         --        --       --       33,695        --         --          33,695
Common stock repurchased           --        --         --        --       --           --        --       (14,764)     (14,764)
Common stock issued under                                                                                       
 various plans                     --         5        (655)    19,849     --           --        --          (146)      19,053
Dividends on common stock                                                                                       
 ($.80 per share)                  --        --         --        --     (95,802)       --        --         --         (95,802)
Dividends on preferred stock       --        --         --        --      (1,309)       --        --         --          (1,309)
Balance at June 30, 1992         $28,846  $1,400     $(1,726)  $56,360  $847,138  $ 17,970      $ --      $(15,110)    $934,878    
Net income                         --        --         --        --     207,312        --        --         --         207,312
Translation adjustment             --        --         --        --       --      (53,876)       --         --         (53,876)  
Common stock repurchased           --        --         --        --       --           --        --      (166,187)    (166,187)
Common stock issued under                                                                                       
 various plans                     --          5         637    20,960     --           --        --            568      22,170
Dividends on common stock                                                                                       
 ($1.15 per share)                 --        --         --        --    (136,721)       --        --         --        (136,721)
Dividends on preferred stock       --        --         --        --      (1,309)       --        --         --          (1,309)
Balance at June 30, 1993         $28,846  $1,405     $(1,089)  $77,320  $916,420  $(35,906)     $ --     $(180,729)    $806,267
Net income                         --        --         --        --     246,287        --        --         --         246,287
Translation adjustment             --        --         --        --       --       13,765        --         --          13,765
Common stock repurchased           --        --         --        --       --           --        --      (150,321)    (150,321)
Common stock issued under                                                                                       
 various plans                     --          3         488    13,000     --           --        --         7,310       20,801
Dividends on common stock                                                                                       
 ($1.35 per share)                 --        --         --        --     (156,406)      --        --         --        (156,406)
Dividends on preferred stock       --        --         --        --       (1,309)      --        --         --          (1,309)
Net unrealized gains on certain    --        --         --        --       --           --       11,900      --          11,900  
investments, net of tax                                                                                        
Balance at June 30, 1994         $28,846  $1,408       $(601)  $90,320 $1,004,992 $(22,141)     $11,900  $(323,740)    $790,984


See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>

The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.
and Subsidiaries

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Dollars in thousands,
except per share data

1.  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

Basis of Presentation  The accompanying consolidated
financial statements include the accounts of The Reader's
Digest Association, Inc. and its United States and
international subsidiaries (the company) after the
elimination of all significant intercompany accounts and
transactions.

Changes in Accounting Principles  On July 1, 1993, the
company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standards
No. (SFAS) 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment
Benefits."  The cumulative effect of the change was a pre-
tax charge of $42,000 offset by tax benefits of $16,170 for
a non-cash, after-tax charge of $25,830, or $.23 per share.
The additional pre-tax operating expense recorded in 1994
for SFAS 112 was $3,560.  In accordance with the provisions
of SFAS 112, prior years' financial statements have not been
restated for this change.
 During the fourth quarter of 1994, the company adopted
Statement of Position (SOP) 93-7, "Reporting on Advertising
Costs," retroactive to July 1, 1993.  Effective with the
adoption of SOP 93-7, the company will defer the costs of
direct response advertising (promotion) and amortize such
costs over the period the related revenues are expected to
be earned.  The company's former practice was to expense
these costs as incurred.  As required by the provisions of
SOP 93-7, there were no adjustments to prior years' reported
results or to the company's consolidated balance sheet as of
July 1, 1993.
 During the fourth quarter of 1994 and retroactive to July
1, 1993, the company changed its accounting for premiums to
defer and amortize such costs over the period of the related
revenues.  The company's former practice was to expense
these costs as incurred.  During the fourth quarter of 1994
and retroactive to July 1, 1993, the company changed its
accounting policy to expense external product development
costs as incurred.  The company's former practice was to
defer and expense such costs against the initial revenues
generated.  The impact of the product development and
premium accounting changes on prior years was not
significant.
 As a result of the promotion, premiums and product
development accounting changes, 1994 results reflect a one-
time increase in operating profit of $113,864.
 As of June 30, 1994, the company adopted SFAS 115,
"Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities," which affects the value at which certain
investments are recorded in the company's consolidated
balance sheet.  This adoption had no effect on the company's
consolidated statement of income in 1994.  However, as a
result of SFAS 115, the company's short-term investments and
marketable securities were recorded in the consolidated
balance sheet at fair value with the net unrealized gains
and losses on these investments shown as a separate
component of stockholders' equity, net of its related tax
effects.
  During the fourth quarter of 1993, the company adopted
SFAS 106, "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement Benefits
Other Than Pensions," and SFAS 109, "Accounting for Income
Taxes," retroactively effective as of July 1, 1992.  The
cumulative effect of these changes resulted in a non-cash,
after-tax charge of $50,938, or $.42 per share.

Foreign Currency Translation  The assets and liabilities of
international subsidiaries are translated into United States
dollars at the rates of exchange in effect at the balance
sheet date and resulting adjustments are reflected as a
separate component of stockholders' equity.  Revenues and
expenses are translated at the average rates prevailing
during the year.

Cash and Cash Equivalents  The company considers all highly
liquid debt instruments with maturities of three months or
less to be cash equivalents.

Inventories  The majority of United States inventory is
stated at cost, determined on the last-in, first-out (LIFO)
basis, which is less than market value.  The remaining
United States inventory and inventory of international
subsidiaries is stated at the lower of cost, primarily
determined on the first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis, or
market.

Short-Term Investments and Marketable Securities  At June
30, 1994, the company adopted SFAS 115.  This standard
requires that individual debt and equity securities be
classified into one of three categories:  trading, held-to-
maturity or available-for-sale.
  The company has short-term investments and marketable
securities that are composed primarily of government and
corporate fixed income securities.  While it is the
company's general intent to hold such securities until
maturity, management will occasionally sell particular
securities for cash flow purposes.  Therefore, the company's
short-term investments and marketable securities, at June
30, 1994, are classified as available-for-sale and are
carried at fair value with the net unrealized gains or
losses reported as a separate component of stockholders'
equity, net of its related tax effects.

Depreciation and Amortization  The costs of buildings and
equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method
over useful lives up to 50 years for buildings and up to 20
years for equipment.  Leasehold improvements are amortized
using the straight-line method over the term of the lease or
the life of the improvement, whichever is shorter.

Intangible Assets  Intangible assets reflect the acquisition
costs of distribution rights, contracts, subscription lists
and other intangible assets as well as the excess of the
costs over the fair value of the net assets of several
businesses acquired.  The acquisition costs of distribution
rights, contracts, subscription lists and other intangible
assets are amortized over the estimated useful lives,
usually not in excess of six years, and the excess of cost
over fair value of businesses acquired is amortized over
varying periods, not in excess of 40 years.  All intangible
assets are amortized using the straight-line method.  The
company annually evaluates whether there has been a
permanent impairment in the value of its intangible assets.
Factors considered in the valuation of intangible assets
include projected income from operations of businesses
acquired, as well as other economic and market variables.

Revenues  Sales of books and home entertainment products,
less provisions for returns, are recorded at the time of
shipment.  Sales of magazine subscriptions are recorded as
unearned revenue at the gross subscription price at the time
the orders are received.  Proportionate shares of the gross
subscription price are recognized as revenues when the
subscriptions are fulfilled.

Promotion Costs  During the fourth quarter of 1994, the
company adopted SOP 93-7, "Reporting on Advertising Costs."
In accordance with SOP 93-7, costs of direct-response
advertising are deferred and amortized over the expected
revenue stream, generally over one to twelve months.  Direct-
response advertising consists primarily of promotion costs
incurred in connection with the procurement of subscriptions
to magazines and the sale of books or other products.  Prior
to the adoption of SOP 93-7, these costs were generally
expensed as incurred.
  For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994, promotion costs
of $1,003,312 were incurred, of which $124,795 were deferred
as of June 30, 1994 and included in Prepaid expenses and
other current assets in the company's consolidated balance
sheet.

Taxes on Income  Effective July 1, 1992, the company adopted
SFAS 109, which  changed the method of accounting for income
taxes to an asset and liability approach from the deferred
method, as required under Accounting Principles Board
Opinion No. (APB) 11.  The cumulative effect of the change
was a net increase in deferred tax assets as of July 1, 1992
of $2,375, or $.02 per share.
  Under the asset and liability method prescribed by SFAS
109, deferred income taxes, net of appropriate valuation
allowances, are provided for the temporary differences
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and
liabilities at currently enacted tax rates.
  Under APB 11, income taxes are provided on pre-tax
financial statement income with deferred taxes recognized
for timing differences between pre-tax financial statement
income and current taxable income.
  For all periods, deferred federal income taxes have not
been provided on undistributed earnings of foreign
subsidiaries because any federal taxes payable would be
substantially offset by foreign tax credits.

Earnings Per Share  Earnings per share is based on the
average number of common shares and common share equivalents
outstanding during the year and net income after deducting
preferred stock dividend requirements.

2.  Other Operating Items

In the fourth quarter of 1994, the company recorded
aggregate charges of $76,001 for certain other operating
items.  These charges relate to losses on lease terminations
and provisions for certain claims against the company.

3.  Other Income, Net

                        1994         1993          1992
Interest income         $42,862      $51,728       $52,832
Interest expense         (2,253)      (4,676)       (2,933)
Gains on the sales of    42,566       29,398        20,729
certain investments
Loss on foreign          (5,666)      (1,395)      (12,975)
exchange
Other, net               (8,018)      (7,788)       (6,756)
                        $69,491      $67,267       $50,897

4.  Inventories

                  1994          1993
Raw materials     $17,410       $20,790
Work-in-progress   23,718        42,553
Finished goods    126,154       106,115
                 $167,282      $169,458

If the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method of inventory
accounting had been used for certain inventory components
rather than the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method,
inventories would have been $9,821 and $8,235 higher than
the amounts reported at June 30, 1994 and 1993,
respectively.

5.  Financial Instruments

Off-Balance Sheet Risks  The company utilizes various
financial instruments, primarily foreign currency option
contracts, to manage the foreign exchange exposure
associated with anticipated earnings and related cash flows
generated from the operations of its international
subsidiaries.  At June 30, 1994, the company held option
contracts for various currencies in which the company
transacts business with face amounts totaling about $310,000
and exercise dates ranging from August 1994 to May 1995.
The market risk associated with these option contracts is
limited to the carrying value of these contracts in the
company's consolidated balance sheet.  As these instruments
do not qualify for accounting treatment as hedges, they are
reflected in the company's consolidated balance sheet at
market value which amounted to $5,703 at June 30, 1994.  No
such instruments were outstanding at June 30, 1993.  The net
gain or loss from these instruments is included in gain
(loss) on foreign exchange in Other income, net in the
company's consolidated statement of income (see Note 3).

Fair Value  On June 30, 1994, the company adopted Statement
of Financial Accounting Standards No. (SFAS) 115,
"Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities."  As stated in Note 1, the company's short-term
investments and marketable securities are classified as
available-for-sale and are reported at fair value on the
company's consolidated balance sheet.  Quoted market prices
have been used in determining the fair value of these
investments.
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Fair Value of Investments                    Unrealized    Unrealized               
     at June 30, 1994               Cost          Gains        Losses     Fair Value
<S>                             <C>             <C>      <C>                <C>
Debt securities                                                       
     maturing within :                                                              
      1 yr.                     $210,157         $1,242   $       ---       $211,399
      1 to 10 years.             350,773            666      (14,109)        337,330
Equity securities                  3,350         31,550           ---         34,900
                                $564,280        $33,458   $  (14,109)       $583,629
</TABLE>

Proceeds from sales and maturities of securities available-
for-sale were $275,438 in 1994, including realized gains of
$27,356.  The cost used to compute the realized gains was
determined by specific identification.

At June 30, 1993, the company's short-term investments were
carried on the consolidated balance sheet at $206,585, which
approximated fair value.  Marketable securities were carried
at cost of $333,248, with a fair value at June 30, 1993 of
$446,263.

Quoted market prices were not available for Other long-term
investments held by the company.  As a result, estimates of
fair value provided by various outside sources were used to
determine the fair value of these investments.  Fair value
approximates the cost at which these investments are carried
in the company's consolidated balance sheet.

6.  Property, Plant and Equipment

                                    1994         1993
Land                               $18,370       $17,354
Buildings and building             207,348       193,944
improvements
Printing and fulfillment           150,872       147,550
equipment
Furniture, fixtures and equipment  149,951       134,233
Leasehold improvements              22,565        23,312
                                   549,106       516,393
Less:  Accumulated depreciation                  
and amortization                    307,363       281,233
                                   $241,743      $235,160

7.  Intangible Assets

                                    1994         1993
Distribution rights,                             
 contracts, subscription                         
 lists and other                   $62,046       $62,127
Excess of cost over fair                         
 value of net assets of                          
 businesses acquired               79,071        78,494
                                  141,117       140,621
Less:  Accumulated                               
 amortization                      71,405        66,856
                                  $69,712       $73,765

8.  Pension Plans

The company and certain of its United States and
international subsidiaries have pension plans covering
substantially all permanent employees.  The plans' benefits
are based primarily on years of credited service and on
participants' compensation.  The plans' assets consist
principally of fixed income and equity securities.

The company's policy for its United States pension plans is
to fund amounts equal to minimum funding requirements of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, plus
additional amounts that may be approved by the company from
time to time.  The company's policy for its international
pension plans is to fund amounts that comply with applicable
laws and regulations and are tax deductible.  Assumptions
used to determine pension costs and projected benefit
obligations were as follows:

                                         U.S. Plans

                              1994          1993           1992
Discount rate                  8%           8.5%           8.5%
Rate of compensation                                          
increase                      5.5%           6%             6%
Long-term rate of                                             
return on plan assets         9.5%           10%            10%

                                     International Plans

                              1994           1993          1992
Discount rate                4-14%          4-15%         4-15%
Rate of compensation                                          
increase                     2-12%          2-13%         2-13%
Long-term rate of                                             
return on plan assets        5-16%          5-16%         5-16%

The company's consolidated net periodic pension cost is
composed of the following:

                          1994          1993          1992
Service cost             $16,943        $15,917       $13,911
Interest cost on                                      
 projected benefit                                    
 obligation               36,635         35,390        32,455
Actual return on                                      
 plan assets             (11,215)       (60,618)      (57,353)
Net amortization and                                  
 deferral                (36,551)        14,295        11,209
Net periodic pension                                  
cost                     $ 5,812        $ 4,984      $    222

The following table sets forth the funded status of the
United States and international plans and amounts recognized
in the company's consolidated balance sheets:

                               1994                       1993

                        Over-         Under-        Over-        Under-
                       funded         funded        funded       funded
                        Plans          Plans        Plans         Plans
                                                               
Fair value of                                                  
     plan assets    $532,614        $4,819       $533,426      $10,594
Projected benefit                                              
     obligation      455,292        33,671        406,151       34,585
Plan assets in                                                 
     excess of                                                 
(less than)                                                     
projected
benefit obligation    77,322       (28,852)       127,275      (23,991)
Unrecognized net                                               
     gain            (19,022)         (648)       (71,354)         (71)
Unrecognized net                                               
     (asset)         (37,801)          350        (43,189)       2,023
liability
Unrecognized prior                                             
     service cost      5,835         8,267         7,833         7,598
Additional minimum                                             
liability               ---         (3,841)         ---         (4,309)
Prepaid (accrued)                                              
     pension cost    $26,334      ($24,724)      $20,565      $(18,750)
Accumulated                                                    
     benefit                                                   
     obligation     $385,247       $25,657      $ 335,633     $ 23,912
Vested benefit                                                 
     obligation     $375,936       $21,349      $ 329,152     $ 19,300

During 1994 the company recognized curtailment gains of
$3,220 resulting from the company's workforce reductions.
These gains are primarily due to the reduction of the
projected benefit obligation associated with severed
employees' pension benefits offset by the recognition of the
prior service costs related to those employees.

9.    Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits

In the fourth quarter of 1993, the company adopted,
effective July 1, 1992, the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. (SFAS) 106, "Employers'
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions."
This standard requires the accrual of the expected costs of
postretirement medical and other nonpension benefits during
an employee's period of service.  The company provides
medical and dental benefits to United States retired
employees and their dependents.  Substantially all of the
company's employees become eligible for these benefits when
they meet minimum age and service requirements.  The company
has the right to modify or terminate these unfunded
benefits.

The company elected to recognize the cumulative effect of
this accounting change by recording the postretirement
benefits liability as a one-time accounting adjustment as of
July 1, 1992.  The cumulative effect of adopting SFAS 106
was a pre-tax charge of $86,688 offset by tax benefits of
$33,375 for a net after-tax charge of $53,313, or $.44 per
share.  The incremental expense recorded by the company in
1993 as a result of the adoption of SFAS 106 was $6,447
before taxes and $3,965 after taxes, or $.04 per share.

Costs before taxes for postretirement benefits included in
the company's consolidated statements of income in 1994 and
1993 were composed of the following:

                                         1994            1993
Service costs during the period        $3,616           $3,120
Interest cost on postretirement                     
  benefits liability                    7,285            7,178
Net periodic postretirement                         
  benefits cost                       $10,901          $10,298

The postretirement benefits liability recognized in the
company's consolidated balance sheets as of June 30, 1994
and 1993 included the following components:

                                         1994          1993
Retirees (including covered            $53,054        $51,496
dependents)
Fully eligible active plan              14,446         13,410
participants
Other active participants               30,851         29,478
Unrecognized net gain                    2,226           ---
Postretirement benefits liability     $100,577        $94,384

The health care inflation assumption used to determine the
postretirement benefits liability was 14% for 1994 and 15%
for  1993,  decreasing to 8% by the year 2000 with respect
to medical benefits and 11.5% for 1994 and 12%  for 1993,
decreasing to 8% by the year 2001 with respect to dental
benefits.  Increasing the assumed health care cost rates by
one percentage point in each year would increase the
accumulated postretirement benefits liability as of June 30,
1994 by about $14,700 and increase the related interest and
service costs before taxes for 1994 by about $2,100.  A
discount rate of 8% for 1994 and 8.5% for 1993 was used in
determining the accumulated postretirement benefits
liability.  Prior to 1993, expenses for postretirement
benefits were charged to income as incurred and amounted to
$3,674 in 1992.

During 1994, the company recognized curtailment gains of
$1,711 resulting from the company's workforce reductions.
These gains are primarily due to the reduction of the
liability associated with severed employees' postretirement
benefits.

During the first quarter of 1994, the company adopted SFAS
112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment Benefits."
The cumulative effect of the change was a pre-tax charge of
$42,000 offset by tax benefits of $16,170 for a  non-cash,
after-tax charge of $25,830, or $.23 per share.  SFAS 112
requires the accrual of benefits such as disability,
severance and health insurance provided to former or
inactive employees prior to retirement over an employee's
period of service.  Prior to adoption, the company generally
accrued for these benefits on the date of incident.  The
incremental pre-tax operating expense in 1994 associated
with the adoption of this new standard was $3,560.

10.  Employee Compensation Plans

The 1989 and 1994 Key Employee Long Term Incentive Plans
provide that the Compensation & Nominating Committee of the
Board of Directors may grant stock options, stock
appreciation rights, restricted stock, performance units and
other awards to eligible employees. The Committee may grant
certain stock-based awards up to a maximum of 5,420,000 and
6,000,000 underlying shares of Class A nonvoting common
stock (Class A) under the 1989 and 1994 plans, respectively.
No awards may be granted with respect to Class B voting
common stock (Class B).

In 1994, 1993 and 1992 the company granted non-qualified
stock options to purchase Class A shares to certain officers
and key employees.  The following table sets forth the
status of these options:

                                   Shares Subject to     Price Per Share
                                   Options
Outstanding at June 30, 1991       1,864,725          $20.00 to $29.44
 Granted                             994,700          $36.31 to $46.63
 Exercised                          (145,875)         $20.00 to $29.44
 Canceled                            (97,150)         $20.00 to $46.63
Outstanding at June 30, 1992       2,616,400          $20.00 to $46.63
 Granted                           1,035,000          $48.00 to $55.13
 Exercised                          (274,050)         $20.00 to $46.63
 Canceled                            (73,000)         $20.00 to $48.00
Outstanding at June 30, 1993       3,304,350          $20.00 to $55.13
 Granted                           1,749,000          $41.06 to $41.50
 Exercised                          (121,992)         $20.00 to $29.44
 Canceled                           (178,425)         $20.00 to $48.00
Outstanding at June 30, 1994       4,752,933          $20.00 to $55.13
Options exercisable at                                
 June 30, 1994                     1,726,633          $20.00 to $55.13

In 1992, the company also granted 36,000 restricted shares
of Class A with a value of $1,336 to certain officers at no
cost to them.  No grants were made in 1994 or 1993.  The
market value of shares awarded under the plan is recorded as
unamortized restricted stock which is included in capital
stock in the company's consolidated balance sheets.
Restricted stock is amortized over the term of the
restriction period ($488, $637 and $681 for the years ended
June 30, 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively).

The company's 1994 financial statements reflect an accrual
for an anticipated contribution to its profit-sharing plan
related to 1994 and the issuance of 329,144 shares of Class
B with a value of $12,569 in fulfillment of its 1993
contribution obligation.  In 1993, the company contributed
201,241 shares of Class B with a
value of $10,590 to its profit-sharing plan in fulfillment
of its 1992 contribution obligation.

11.  Income Taxes

Income before income taxes and cumulative effect of changes
in accounting principles in the United States and outside
the United States, along with the components of the
provision for income taxes, is shown below:

                          1994       1993      1992
Income before income                           
taxes and cumulative                 
effect of changes in
accounting principles:
     United States         $231,871    $187,599  $150,987
     International          231,365     232,320   230,124
     Total                 $463,236    $419,919  $381,111
Provision for income                             
taxes:
Current tax expense                              
     Federal               $54,007     $84,466   $64,697
     State and local        14,098      18,948    12,482
     International          98,256     105,396    90,170
          Total current    166,361     208,810   167,349
Deferred tax expense                             
(benefit)
     Federal                 8,582     (37,661)  (11,182)
     State and local           498      (6,481)   (1,477)
     International          15,678      (2,999)   (7,962)
          Total deferred    24,758     (47,141)  (20,621)
Total provision           $191,119    $161,669  $146,728

The differences between the effective income tax rate and
the statutory federal income tax rate are as follows:

                         1994        1993        1992
Provision for tax at                             
U.S. statutory rate      35.0 %     34.0 %      34.0 %
International             0.7        1.1         1.3
operations
State income taxes, net                           
of federal income tax                            
benefit                  2.0         2.0         1.9
Other operating items    2.8         ---         ---
Other, net               0.8         1.4         1.3
Provision at effective                            
tax rate                 41.3%      38.5 %      38.5 %

The net amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities are
included in other current and other noncurrent assets in the
company's consolidated balance sheet.  The major components
of deferred tax assets (liabilities) as of June 30, 1994 and
1993 are as follows:

                                          1994           1993
Current                                             
Deferred compensation and other                      
employee benefits                       $8,829           $5,629
Accounts receivable and other           48,658           49,325
allowances
Deferred promotion costs               (27,921)           --
Other, net                                (660)           3,136
                                       $28,906          $58,090
Noncurrent                                          
Deferred compensation and other                      
employee benefits                      $64,746          $50,796
Other, net                               5,063            4,189
                                       $69,809          $54,985

The major components of the deferred tax provision
determined in accordance with
APB 11 in 1992 are as follows:

                                  1992
Deferred compensation and other   
employee benefits                $  (1,298)
Accounts receivable and other      (10,468)
allowances
Other, net                          (8,855)
                                  $(20,621)

12.  Accrued Expenses

                                    1994        1993
Compensation and other                          
 employee benefits                 $114,784     $85,613
Royalties and copyrights                        
 payable                            41,319       35,910
Taxes, other than federal and                   
 international income taxes         31,219       37,026
Other, principally operating                    
 expenses                          159,384       81,707
                                  $346,706     $240,256

13.  Capital Stock

The company's capital stock consists of preferred,
preference, common and restricted stock, as follows:

                                          1994       1993
First Preferred Stock, par value               
$1.00 per share; authorized 40,000              
shares; issued and outstanding           $2,972      $2,972
29,720 shares in 1994 and 1993

Second Preferred Stock, par value              
$1.00 per share; authorized                     
120,000 shares; issued and outstanding   10,372      10,372
issued and outstanding 103,720
shares in 1994 and 1993

Third Subordinated Preferred                   
Stock, par value $1.00 per share;                
authorized 230,000 shares; issued and    15,502      15,502
outstanding 155,022 shares in
1994 and 1993

Preference stock, par value $.01               
per share; authorized 25,000,000            --         --
shares; issued and outstanding none

Class A nonvoting common stock,                
par value $.01 per share; authorized               
200,000,000 shares;  issued               1,194       1,194
119,428,472 shares in 1994 and
1993

Class B voting common stock, par               
value $.01 per share;  authorized                                     
25,000,000 shares; issued 21,386,907        214         211
shares in 1994 and 21,057,763
shares in 1993

Unamortized restricted stock               (601)     (1,089) 
                                        $29,653     $29,162
Common stock in treasury, at cost;                                          
26,861,116 and 23,517,829 shares               
of Class A in 1994 and 1993,                   
respectively; 146,560 shares of       $(323,740)  $(180,729)
Class B in 1994 and 1993

All shares of preferred stock have a preference in
liquidation of $100 per share.  The difference between the
aggregate par value and preference in liquidation has been
appropriated from retained earnings.  Further, all preferred
stock is redeemable at any time at the option of the company
at $105 per share plus accrued dividends.  The terms of the
First Preferred Stock and the Second Preferred Stock provide
for annual cumulative dividends of $4.00 per share.  The
terms of the Third Subordinated Preferred Stock provide for
annual cumulative dividends of $5.00 per share.

In 1992, the company offered 4,500,000 shares of Class B
voting common stock for sale to the public on behalf of
certain selling stockholders.  The company did not receive
any of the proceeds from the sales of these shares.

In 1994, the company announced its third share repurchase
program to acquire up to 5,000,000 shares of Class A
nonvoting common stock in open market transactions on the
New York Stock Exchange or otherwise.  The company completed
its second program, announced in 1993, to repurchase
3,000,000 shares of Class A nonvoting common stock.  In
1993, the company completed its first program, announced in
1992, to repurchase 3,000,000 shares of Class A nonvoting
common stock.  In 1994, 1993 and 1992, the company
repurchased 3,580,900, 3,414,400 and 316,900 shares,
respectively, for prices ranging from $36.25 to $56.38.

14.  Cash Flows

The changes in assets and liabilities consist of the
following:

                             1994           1993           1992
Increase in accounts                                   
     receivable, net       $(3,617)      $(15,901)      $(50,978)
Decrease (increase) in                                 
inventories                  6,237        (33,004)        (8,050)
Increase in other                                      
current assets            (137,363)       (17,402)        (9,856)
Decrease (increase) in                                 
deferred tax assets         23,825        (12,792)       (21,363)
Increase in unearned                                   
 revenue                    10,904          8,633         20,907
Increase in accounts                                   
 payable and                                 
 accrued expenses          120,603         55,015         62,889
Increase (decrease) in                                 
 income taxes payable        5,201         (2,655)        26,388
Increase in other                                      
 liabilities                14,238          6,326          5,972
Other, net                   3,371        (11,575)         2,892
                           $43,399       $(23,355)       $28,801

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

                            1994        1993          1992
Interest paid              $2,332       $2,677        $2,114
Income taxes paid        $157,030     $168,136      $133,307

15.  Commitments and Contingencies

The company and its subsidiaries are defendants in several
lawsuits and claims arising in the regular course of
business.  Based on the opinions of management and counsel
for such matters, recoveries, if any, by plaintiffs and
claimants would not materially affect the financial position
of the company or its results of operations.

Additionally, on December 21, 1993, the Roman Catholic
Bishop of San Diego and the Chino Unified School District
commenced a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the
Southern District of California against a subsidiary of the
company, QSP, Inc., and the company, alleging violation of
the federal antitrust laws and seeking treble damages in an
unspecified amount and certain injunctive relief.  The
complaint alleges that QSP, Inc. is unlawfully monopolizing
the school and youth group magazine fund raising market.
The suit was certified as a class action on July 1, 1994.
The company believes that the suit is without merit and,
accordingly, no provision for loss has been made in the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.  The company
intends to defend this action vigorously.

The company and its subsidiaries occupy certain facilities
under lease arrangements and lease certain equipment.
Rentals amounted to $32,986, $32,140 and $30,590 in 1994,
1993 and 1992, respectively, and sublease income amounted to
$6,993, $6,489 and $6,300 in 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.

Future minimum rental commitments, net of sublease income,
for operating leases with non-cancelable terms in excess of
one year are as follows:

                Minimum       Minimum             
                Rental        Sublease            
                Payments      Income       Net
1995            $24,072       $6,146     $17,926
1996             20,032        5,971      14,061
1997             19,309        5,887      13,422
1998             13,802        5,410       8,392
1999              4,858          649       4,209
Later years      33,239           15      33,224

16.  Segment Information

The company's operations consist of the following business
segments:  Reader's Digest magazine, books and home
entertainment products, special interest magazines and other
businesses.  The books and home entertainment products
segment includes books, music and video products.  The
special interest magazine segment includes magazines
acquired or launched since 1987.

Operating profit by segment is total revenues less expenses
related to the segment.  Operating profit in the United
States includes intercompany royalty income which is charged
annually to the company's international subsidiaries and
which is designed to compensate the United States for a
variety of intangibles, including utilization of tradenames,
trademarks, copyrights and know-how.  United States
operating profit includes intercompany royalty income of
$94,171 for 1994, $80,651 for 1993 and $53,065 for 1992.
Operating profit in Europe is reduced by intercompany
royalty expense of $71,306 for 1994, $62,127 for 1993 and
$39,478 for 1992.  Operating profit in Other Markets is
reduced by intercompany royalty expense of $22,865 for 1994,
$18,524 for 1993 and $13,587 for 1992.  Identifiable assets
by segment are those assets that are used in the operation
of that business.  Corporate assets consist primarily of
cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments,
marketable securities, and other long-term investments.
Inter-segment sales are included in the company's other
businesses segment.  Inter-area revenues by geographic area
were as follows:

                         1994        1993         1992
United States          $4,625      $5,145       $3,721
Europe                  3,460       3,540        4,081
Other Markets           1,112       1,382          980
Total inter-area                          
revenues               $9,197     $10,067       $8,782

                         1994        1993          1992
Business segments                                  
Revenues                                           
 Reader's Digest                                   
     magazine            $689,089    $720,047      $685,044
 Books and home                                    
     entertainment                                 
     products           1,900,297   1,958,066     1,744,769
 Special interest                                  
     magazines             90,607      84,140        75,471
 Other businesses         129,634     110,405       112,883
 Inter-segment             (3,215)     (4,021)       (4,209)
Total revenues         $2,806,412  $2,868,637    $2,613,958
Operating profit                                   
 Reader's Digest                                   
     magazine             $78,555     $97,310       $96,839
 Books and home                                    
     entertainment                                 
     products             310,846     307,216       302,951
 Special interest                                  
     magazines             (3,153)     (9,242)      (19,468)
 Other businesses          26,609      20,536        22,198
 Effect of promotion                               
     accounting                                    
     changes, net         113,864       ---           ---
 Other operating                                   
items                     (76,001)      ---           ---
 Corporate expense        (56,975)    (63,168)      (72,306)
Total operating profit   $393,745    $352,652      $330,214
Identifiable assets                                
 Reader's Digest                                   
     magazine            $348,387    $275,602      $281,219
 Books and home                                    
     entertainment                                 
     products            928,860      828,332       854,518
 Special interest                                  
     magazines            80,069       78,460        85,647
 Other businesses         39,212       31,600        27,076
 Corporate               652,832      658,414       683,849
Total assets          $2,049,360   $1,872,408    $1,932,309



                         1994           1993        1992
Amortization of                                     
 intangible assets                                  
 Special interest                                   
     magazines            $3,155         $5,660    $10,873
 All other                 1,303          1,304      1,350
Total amortization of                               
 intangible assets        $4,458         $6,964    $12,223
Depreciation and                                    
 amortization of                                    
 fixed assets                                       
 Reader's Digest                                    
     magazine            $11,234       $10,410      $9,492
 Books and home                                     
     entertainment                                  
     products            22,880         23,434      17,464
 All other               3,595           4,284       3,988
Total depreciation                                  
 and amortization of                                
 fixed assets            $37,709       $38,128     $30,944
Capital expenditures                                
 Reader's Digest                                    
     magazine            $12,072       $12,781     $16,396
 Books and home                                     
     entertainment                                  
     products              26,743       30,100      25,881
 All other                  3,379        5,076       2,154
Total capital                                       
 expenditures              $42,194     $47,957     $44,431
Geographic areas                                    
Revenues                                            
 United States          $1,117,750  $1,157,326  $1,146,746
 Europe                  1,301,032   1,322,471   1,113,966
 Other Markets             396,827     398,907     362,028
 Inter-area                 (9,197)    (10,067)    (8,782)
Total revenues          $2,806,412  $2,868,637  $2,613,958
Operating profit                                    
 United States           $229,337     $196,103    $197,296
 Europe                   159,963      169,604     146,490
 Other Markets             23,557       50,113      58,734
 Effect of promotion                                
     accounting                                     
     changes, net        113,864           ---         ---
 Other operating                                    
items                     (76,001)         ---         ---
 Corporate expense        (56,975)     (63,168)    (72,306)
Total operating profit   $393,745     $352,652    $330,214
Identifiable assets                                 
 United States           $525,270     $497,404    $421,998
 Europe                   660,699      532,023     637,068
 Other Markets            210,559      184,567     189,394
 Corporate                652,832      658,414     683,849
Total assets           $2,049,360   $1,872,408  $1,932,309

17.  Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

The following represents the company's quarterly financial
results.  For the first three quarters of 1994, amounts have
been restated to reflect the adoption of the promotion,
premiums and product development accounting changes
retroactive to July 1, 1993 (see Note 1).
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
       
                               First        Second        Third         Fourth           
                               Quarter      Quarter       Quarter       Quarter        Total
<S>                           <C>         <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
1994*
Revenues                      $637,237    $802,143      $709,170       $657,862     $2,806,412
Operating profit (loss)                                                             
                               158,591     170,823        99,455        (35,124)       393,745
Income (loss) before                                                                
cumulative effect of           118,334     117,913        69,608        (33,738)       272,117
accounting changes
Cumulative effect of                                                                
accounting changes            (25,830)        ---           ---           ---          (25,830)
Net income (loss)              92,504      117,913        69,608        (33,738)       246,287
Earnings per share before                                                           
 cumulative effect of                                                           
accounting changes            $1.01          $1.01         $.61          $(.29)        $2.34
Earnings per share             $.78          $1.01         $.61          $(.29)        $2.11
1993                                                                                
Revenues                      $679,963    $806,700      $737,617       $644,357     $2,868,637
Operating profit                88,126     103,032       135,938         25,556        352,652
Income before cumulative                                                            
effect of accounting changes    67,609      70,365        94,512         25,764        258,250
Cumulative effect of                                                                
accounting changes             (50,938)        ---           ---           ---         (50,938)
Net income                      16,671      70,365        94,512         25,764        207,312
Earnings per share before                                                           
cumulative effect of accounting   $.56        $.59          $.79          $.22         $2.16
changes
Earnings per share                $.14        $.59          $.79          $.22         $1.74

*The net effect of the 1994 adoption of the promotion,
 premiums and product development accounting changes on
 operating profit and earnings per share was as follows:
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                           First       Second       Third       Fourth         
                           Quarter      Quarter     Quarter      Quarter        Total
<S>                      <C>          <C>         <C>          <C>             <C>  
Operating profit         $90,350      $    47,263 $ (37,504)   $ 13,755        $113,864
Earnings per share          $.47             $.25     $(.19)       $.07        $    .60
</TABLE>

18.  Dividend and Market Information (Unaudited)

The company's restated certificate of incorporation provides
that cash dividends on common stock, when declared, must be
declared and paid share and share alike on the Class A
nonvoting common stock (Class A) and on the Class B voting
common stock (Class B).  During fiscal 1994, the company
declared and paid cash dividends totaling $1.35 per share on
its Class A and Class B common stock, an increase of 17%
over 1993.  The 1994, 1993 and 1992 dividend payments per
share were as follows:

                            1994      1993     1992
Fourth quarter ended                               
     June 30                $ .35    $ .30     $ .25
Third quarter ended                                
     March 31                 .35       .30      .20
Second quarter ended                               
     December 31              .35       .30      .20
First quarter ended                                
September 30                  .30       .25      .15
                            $1.35     $1.15    $ .80

The company's Class A and Class B common stock are listed on
the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols RDA and RDB,
respectively.  As of June 30, 1994, there were approximately
4,100 holders of record of the company's Class A common
stock, and 335 holders of record of the company's Class B
common stock.

The high and low per share market prices of the Class A
common stock by quarter were as follows:

                                            High          Low
1994                                                  
Fourth quarter ended June 30            $44 1/8       $40 1/8
Third quarter ended March 31             47 3/4        39 7/8
Second quarter ended December 31         46            37 3/8
First quarter ended September 30         43 3/4        36 1/8
1993                                                  
Fourth quarter ended June 30             47            39 5/8
Third quarter ended March 31             55 7/8        46 3/8
Second quarter ended December 31         56 3/8        50 1/4
First quarter ended September 30         55 3/8        46
1992                                                  
Fourth quarter ended June 30             49            43
Third quarter ended March 31             50            43
Second quarter ended December 31         49            36 1/4
First quarter ended September 30         39 7/8        34 3/8

The high and low per share market prices of the Class B
common stock by quarter following the initial public
offering of the stock on March 5, 1992 were as follows:

                                          High            Low
1994                                                  
Fourth quarter ended June 30           $ 40 3/4        $    37
Third quarter ended March 31             44 3/8             37 3/8
Second quarter ended December 31         44 1/2             37 3/4
First quarter ended September 30         39 7/8             35 7/8
1993                                                  
Fourth quarter ended June 30             44 3/4             37
Third quarter ended March 31             53 1/2             44
Second quarter ended December 31         54                 48 3/8
First quarter ended September 30         53 1/2             45 3/8
1992                                                  
Fourth quarter ended June 30             48 1/8             42 1/4
Third quarter ended March 31             47 7/8             46 1/8

INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Stockholders and Board of Directors
The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of The Reader's Digest Association, Inc. and subsidiaries as
of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated
statements of income, changes in stockholders' equity, and
cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period
ended June 30, 1994.  These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the company's
management.  Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally
accepted auditing standards.  Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance
about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation.  We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of The Reader's Digest Association,
Inc. and subsidiaries at June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 1994, in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.

As discussed in the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements, the company adopted the provisions of the
Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers'
Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," and the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants' Statement of
Position No. 93-7, "Reporting on Advertising Costs,"
effective July 1, 1993 and the provisions of the Financial
Accounting Standards Board's Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 115,  "Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," effective June
30, 1994.  As discussed in the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements, the company adopted the provisions of
the Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers'
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions,"
and No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," effective July
1, 1992.


KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP
KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
New York, New York

September 7, 1994

REPORT OF MANAGEMENT

The company has prepared the accompanying financial
statements and other related financial information contained
in this annual report in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles, applying certain estimates and
judgments as required.

The company maintains a system of internal accounting
controls designed to provide reasonable assurance, at
reasonable cost, that transactions and events are recorded
properly and that assets are safeguarded.  The internal
control system is supported by written policies and
procedures and by the careful selection, training and
supervision of qualified personnel, and is monitored by an
internal audit program.

The company's financial statements have been audited by KPMG
Peat Marwick LLP, independent certified public accountants,
as stated in their report which is presented herein.

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, comprised
entirely of outside directors, meets periodically with
management, internal auditors and the independent certified
public accountants to review accounting, auditing, financial
reporting and other related matters.  The internal auditors
and independent certified public accountants have full and
unrestricted access to the Audit Committee.





JAMES P. SCHADT
James P. Schadt
President and Chief Executive Officer





ANTHONY W. RUGGIERO
Anthony W. Ruggiero
Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

The Reader's Digest Association, Inc.
and Subsidiaries
<TABLE>

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
<CAPTION>

In thousands, except per share            1994           1993          1992              1991
data
<S>                                       <C>          <C>           <C>                <C>     
Income Statement Data:                                                            
Revenues                                  $2,806,412   $2,868,637     $2,613,958        $2,345,068
     % change                                    -2%          10%            11%               17%
Cost of sales, fulfillment and                                                                     
  distribution expense                     1,080,139    1,111,198      1,015,116           915,902
Promotion, selling and                                                                             
  administrative expense                   1,332,528*   1,404,787      1,268,628         1,137,164
Operating profit                             393,745      352,652        330,214           292,002
     % of revenues                               14%          12%            13%               12%
     % change                                    12%           7%            13%               22%
Other income, net                             69,491       67,267         50,897            48,061
Income before provision for                  463,236      419,919        381,111           340,063
income taxes
Provision for income taxes                   191,119      161,669        146,728           130,923
Cumulative effect of accounting                                                   
changes/ extraordinary items **              (25,830)     (50,938)            --                --
Net income                                  $246,287     $207,312       $234,383         $ 209,140
Earnings per share before                                                         
cumulative effect of accounting                                                  
changes / extraordinary items                  $2.34*       $2.16          $1.95             $1.74
Cumulative effect of accounting                                                  
 changes/ extraordinary items **                (.23)        (.42)            --                --
Earnings per share                             $2.11        $1.74          $1.95             $1.74
Dividends per common share                     $1.35        $1.15           $.80              $.57
Balance Sheet Data:                                                               
Cash and cash equivalents, short-                                                 
term investments and
     marketable securities                  $766,857     $723,359       $804,032          $649,733
Total assets                              $2,049,360   $1,872,408     $1,932,309        $1,605,250
Stockholders' equity                        $790,984     $806,267      $ 934,878          $759,622
Average common shares outstanding            115,716      118,702        119,800           119,413
Book value per share                           $6.70        $6.65          $7.56             $6.12


* Amount for 1994 includes the effect of promotion
  accounting changes, net (pre-tax benefit of $113,864, or
  $.60 per share after taxes) and other operating items
  (aggregate pre-tax charge of $76,001, or $.51 per share
  after taxes).


** Amount for 1994 reflects the cumulative effect of the
   adoption of SFAS 112.  Amount for 1993 reflects the
   cumulative effect of the adoption of SFAS 106 and SFAS
   109.  Amounts for 1987, 1986, 1985 and 1984 reflect
   extraordinary tax credits.
</TABLE>



<TABLE>

 1990            1989         1988        1987         1986       1985        1984
<C>             <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>         <C>         <C>
$2,009,704      $1,832,013   $1,712,037   $1,420,120   $1,254,753  $1,216,636  $1,303,747
       10%              7%          21%          13%           3%         -7%          1%
                                                                         
   786,554         697,654      655,140      542,426      504,307     522,930     599,265
                                                                         
   983,017         927,644      843,557      727,917      652,709     636,731     660,902 
   240,133         206,715      213,340      149,777       97,737      56,975      43,580
       12%             11%          12%          11%           8%          5%          3%
       16%             -3%          42%          53%          72%         31%         21%
    44,326          28,110       25,094       20,162       27,272       7,865       2,518
   284,459         234,825      238,434      169,939      125,009      64,840      46,098 
   108,439          83,277       96,171       82,901       60,235      34,094      25,264
                                                                         
        --              --           --        7,699        8,355      20,827         134
$  176,020       $ 151,548    $ 142,263     $ 94,737    $  73,129      51,573      20,968
                                                                         
                                                                         
$     1.48           $1.28        $1.19         $.72         $.52        $.24        $.16
                                                                         
        --              --           --          .06          .07         .17          --
$     1.48           $1.28        $1.19         $.78         $.59        $.41        $.16
$      .38            $.28         $.22         $.17         $.10        $.10        $.10
                                                                         
                                                                         
$  588,392        $505,070     $411,722     $370,200     $258,126    $180,139    $130,846
$1,434,334      $1,173,696   $1,054,243     $881,357     $706,536    $603,298    $562,493
$  634,083        $449,240     $345,440     $238,365     $171,869    $103,514    $ 69,152
   118,343         117,796      118,052      119,229      121,152     121,954     123,291
$     5.07           $3.57        $2.69        $1.77        $1.18        $.61        $.33

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
FIVE YEAR SUMMARY OF OTHER FINANCIAL DATA
<CAPTION>

In thousands, except per share        1994       1993        1992        1991        1990
data
<S>                                 <C>        <C>        <C>          <C>       <C>  
Cash flows from operations          $315,117   $250,589   $285,622     $201,505   $217,040
Capital expenditures                  42,194     47,957     44,431       38,699     61,133
Depreciation                          37,709     38,128     30,944       37,580     32,793
Operating profit per employee         58,768     48,308     44,624       39,460     32,450
Effective tax rate                      41.3%      38.5%      38.5%        38.5%      38.1%
Return on equity*                       34.1%      29.7%      27.7%        30.0%      32.5%
Dividend payout ratio*                  57.7%      53.2%      41.0%        32.8%      25.7%
Dividend yield                           3.3%       2.7%       1.7%         1.6%       1.5%
Stock price (Class A)                                                             
     High                            $47 3/4    $56 3/8        $50      $36 3/4    $26 5/8
     Low                              36 1/8     39 5/8     34 3/8       21 5/8     21
     Close                            41 1/2     42 1/8     46 1/4       34 5/8     25 5/8


* For 1994 and 1993, amounts calculated excluding the
  cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles.
</TABLE>

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>8
<TEXT>

                                                           EXHIBIT 21
                           SUBSIDIARIES OF
                THE READER'S DIGEST ASSOCIATION, INC.
                                  
Argentina
   Reader's Digest Argentina S.A.

Australia
   The Reader's Digest Association Pty. Limited
      Reader's Digest (Australia) Pty. Ltd.
      Seven Seas Stamps Pty. Ltd.

Austria
   Verlag Das Beste GmbH

Belgium
   N.V. Reader's Digest S.A.
   Reader's Digest World Services, S.A.

Canada
   The Reader's Digest Association (Canada) Ltd.
      Quality Service Plan, Inc. Canada (Joint Venture)
      Reader's Digest Magazines Limited (25% ownership)
   Reader's Digest Foundation of Canada

Chile
   Reader's Digest Chile, Limitada

Czechoslovakia
   Reader's Digest Vyber s.r.o.

Denmark
   Forlaget Det Beste A/S

England
   The Reader's Digest Association Limited
      Berkeley Magazine Ltd.
      Reader's Digest Publishing Limited
      Reader's Digest Database Marketing Limited
      Money Magazine Limited
      Ninecolt Limited
      Reader's Digest (Family Insurance Services) Limited
      The Reader's Digest Association (Ireland) Limited
      David & Charles plc
         David & Charles Writer College
         Great Western Mail Company Limited
         Reader's Union Limited
         St. John Thomas Booksellers
      Reader's Digest (Personal Finance) Limited
      Reader's Digest European Systems, Limited
   Victoria House Publishing, Ltd.

Finland
   Oy Valitut Palat - Reader's Digest Ab
      Kustannus Oy Valitut Kirjavaliot

France
   Selection du Reader's Digest S.A.

Germany
   Verlag Das Beste GmbH
      Optimail/Direcktwerbeservice GmbH

Hong Kong
   Reader's Digest Association Far East Limited
      Asian Qualiproducts Service Limited
   Reader's Digest Asia, Ltd. [Singapore operation]
   Reader's Digest (East Asia) Limited [Taiwan operation]
      Pegasus Publishing Company Limited
   R. D. Properties, Ltd.
   Reader's Digest (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd - Shareholders are RDEA &
   RDAsia Ltd.

Hungary
   Reader's Digest KFT

Italy
   Selezione Dal Reader's Digest S.p.A.

Mexico
   Caribe Condor S.A. de C.V.
      Reader's Digest Mexico, S.A. de C.V.

Netherlands
   Uitgeversmaatschappij The Reader's Digest N.V.
      Distrimedia Services B.V.

New Zealand
   The Reader's Digest Association (New Zealand) Limited

Norway
   Det Beste A/S

Philippines
   Reader's Digest (Philippines) Inc.

Poland
   Reader's Digest Wybor

Portugal
   Seleccoes do Reader's Digest (Portugal) S.A.

Russia
   Reader's Digest Publishing House, Inc.

South Africa
   The Reader's Digest Association South Africa Pty. Limited
      Reader's Digest Investments (Pty.) Limited
      AA The Motorists Publications (Pty.) Limited

Spain
   Reader's Digest Selecciones S.A.

Sweden
   Reader's Digest Aktiebolag

Switzerland
   Das Beste aus Reader's Digest AG

United States*
   Ardee Music Publishing, Inc.
   Pleasantville Music Publishing, Inc.
   QSP, Inc.
      VideOvation, Inc.
      QSP Distribution Services, Inc.
      Family Reading Program Corp.
   Pegasus Sales, Inc.
   Reader's Digest Entertainment, Inc.
   Reader's Digest Latinoamerica, S.A.
   R.D. Manufacturing Corporation
   RD Publications, Inc.
      Travel Publications, Inc.
      Home Service Publications, Inc.
      Retirement Living Publishing Company, Inc.
      RD Member Services, Inc.
   Reader's Digest Sales and Services, Inc.
   Reader's Digest Sub Six, Inc.
   Reader's Digest Young Families, Inc.
   SMDDMS, Inc.
   The Reader's Digest Association (Russia) Incorporated
   W. A. Publications, Inc.
   Joshua Morris Publishing, Inc.
_____________________
*  All are Delaware corporations except W.A. Publications, Inc., a
   New York corporation.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>9
<TEXT>

                                                  EXHIBIT 23
                              
                              
                              
               CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS



To The Board of Directors of The Reader's Digest
Association, Inc.:

We consent to incorporation by reference in the registration
statement (Registration No. 33-37434) on Form S-8 of The
Reader's Digest Association, Inc. and subsidiaries of our
reports dated September 7, 1994, relating to the
consolidated balance sheets of The Reader's Digest
Association, Inc. and subsidiaries as of June 30, 1994 and
1993, and the related consolidated statements of income,
changes in stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended June 30, 1994 and
related consolidated financial statement schedules, which
reports appear in or are incorporated by reference in the
June 30, 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K of The Reader's
Digest Association, Inc.

As discussed in the notes to consolidated financial
statements, the Company adopted the provisions of the
Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 112, "Employers'
Accounting for Postemployment Benefits," and the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants' Statement of
Position No. 93-7, "Reporting on Advertising Costs,"
effective July 1, 1993, and the provisions of Financial
Accounting Standards Board's Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 115, "Accounting for Certain
Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," effective June
30, 1994.  As discussed in the notes to consolidated
financial statements, the Company adopted the provisions of
the Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 106, "Employers'
Accounting for Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions,"
and No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes," effective July
1, 1992.


KPMG Peat Marwick LLP
KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP


New York, New York
September 26, 1994





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>10
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
This Schedule contains summary financial information extracted from the
Company's Consolidated Financial Statements for the fiscal year ended June 30,
1994 and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such financial 
statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
       
<S>                                        <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                              YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUN-30-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               JUN-30-1994
<CASH>                                         183,228
<SECURITIES>                                   211,454
<RECEIVABLES>                                  602,321
<ALLOWANCES>                                   209,472
<INVENTORY>                                    167,282
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                             1,197,248
<PP&E>                                         549,106
<DEPRECIATION>                                 307,363
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                               2,049,360
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                        1,039,922
<BONDS>                                          8,698
<COMMON>                                           807
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                     28,846
<OTHER-SE>                                     761,331
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                 2,049,360
<SALES>                                      2,806,412
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             2,806,412
<CGS>                                        1,080,139
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                1,080,139
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                76,001
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               2,253
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                463,236
<INCOME-TAX>                                   191,119
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            272,117
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                     (25,830)
<NET-INCOME>                                   246,287
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     2.11
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     2.11
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
