-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IscV5MlDMC5HJcOqvtUdmTfVEGNcO2fE69JAxplRd8dU7aVVTPNMGMXarsawSyU/
 a/omn4V0Yy3eZzYA6WAv+Q==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000040704-94-000020.txt : 19940824
<IMS-HEADER>0000040704-94-000020.hdr.sgml : 19940824
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000040704-94-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		16
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940529
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940823

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENERAL MILLS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000040704
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	2040
		IRS NUMBER:				410274440
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0525

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01185
		FILM NUMBER:		94545615

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NUMBER ONE GENERAL MILLS BLVD
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55426
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6125402311

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 1113
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55440
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.2
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>BY-LAWS
<TEXT>


                                                 EXHIBIT 3.2



                             BY-LAWS


                               of


                       GENERAL MILLS, INC.




                           as amended

                             through

                        December 13, 1993



                        INDEX OF BY-LAWS
                                                         Page


ARTICLE I.     STOCKHOLDERS                                1
   Section  1. Place of Holding Meeting                    1
   Section  2. Quorum                                      1
   Section  3. Adjournment of Meetings                     1
   Section  4. Annual Election of Directors                2
   Section  5. Special Meetings: How Called                2
   Section  6. Voting at Stockholders' Meetings            2
   Section  7. Notice of Stockholders' Meetings            3


ARTICLE II.    DIRECTORS.                                  3
   Section  1. Organization                                3
   Section  2. Election of Officers                        3
   Section  3. Regular Meetings                            3
   Section  4. Special Meetings: How Called:  Notice       3
   Section  5. Number: Qualifications: Quorum:  Term       4
   Section  6. Place of Meetings                           4
   Section  7. Powers of Directors                         4
   Section  8. Vacancies.                                  4
   Section  9. Resignation and Removal of Directors        4
   Section 10. Compensation of Directors                   5
   Section 11. Executive Committee                         5
   Section 12. Executive Committee: Powers                 5
   Section 13. Executive Committee:Organization: Meetings, 
                Etc.                                       6
   Section 14. Resignation and Removal of Member of 
                Executive Committee                        6
   Section 15. Vacancies in the Executive Committee        6


ARTICLE III.   OFFICERS                                    6
   Section  1. Titles.                                     6
   Section  2. Chairman                                    7
   Section  3. Vice Chairman                               7
   Section  4. President                                   7
   Section  5. Vice President(s)                           7
   Section  6. Secretary                                   7
   Section  7. Assistant Secretary                         8
   Section  8. Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance    8
   Section  9. Director of Finance                         8
   Section 10. Senior Vice President, Financial Operations 8
   Section 11. Resignation and Removal of Officers         9
   Section 12. Salaries                                    9


ARTICLE IV.    CAPITAL STOCK                               9
   Section  1. Issue of Certificates of Stock              9
   Section  2. Transfer of Shares                          9
   Section  3. Dividends                                  10
   Section  4. Lost Certificates                          10
   Section  5. Rules as to Issue of Certificates          10
   Section  6. Holder of Record Deemed Holder in Fact     10
   Section  7. Closing of Transfer Books or Fixing Record 
                Date                                      10


ARTICLE V.     CONTRACTS, CHECKS, DRAFTS,
                  BANK ACCOUNTS, ETC                      11
   Section  1. Contracts, Etc.: How Executed              11
   Section  2. Loans                                      11
   Section  3. Deposits                                   11
   Section  4. Checks, Drafts, Etc                        11
   Section  5. Transaction of Business                    12


ARTICLE VI.    MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS                   12
   Section 1(a)  Fiscal Year                              12
   Section 1(b)  Staff and Divisional Titles.             12
   Section 2.  Notice and Waiver of Notice                12
   Section 3.  Inspection of Books                        13
   Section 4.  Construction                               13
   Section 5.  Adjournment of Meetings..                  13
   Section 6.  Indemnification                            13
   Section 7.  Resolution of Board of Directors Providing
                for Issuance of Cumulative Preference 
                Stock                                     15


ARTICLE VII.   AMENDMENTS                                 15
   Section 1.  Amendment of By-Laws                       15



                             BY-LAWS
                            
                               of

                        GENERAL MILLS, INC.
                                

                      
                            ARTICLE I

                          STOCKHOLDERS


     SECTION 1.  Place of Holding Meeting:  Meetings of
stockholders may be held within or without the State of
Delaware, and, unless otherwise determined by the board of
directors or the stockholders, all meetings of the stockholders
shall be held at the principal office of the corporation in the
City of Minneapolis in the State of Minnesota.  The place of
meeting of the stockholders for the election of directors shall
not be changed within sixty (60) days next before the day on
which the election is to be held.  A notice of any change shall
be given to each stockholder entitled to vote, at least twenty
(20) days before the election is held, in person or by letter
mailed to him at his last-known post office address.

     SECTION 2.  Quorum:  Any number of stockholders together
holding one-half (1/2) in amount of the stock issued and
outstanding entitled to vote, who shall be present in person or
represented by proxy at any meeting duly called, shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, except as
may be otherwise provided by law, by the certificate of
incorporation, or by these by-laws.  At any meeting of
stockholders for the election of directors at which any class or
classes of stock or any one or more series of any class or
classes of stock shall have a separate vote as such class or
series for the election of directors by such class or series,
the absence of a quorum of any other class of stock or of any
other series of any class of stock shall not prevent the
election of the directors to be elected by such class or series.

     SECTION 3.  Adjournment of Meetings:  If less than a quorum
shall be in attendance at the time for which the meeting shall
have been called, the meeting may be adjourned from time to time
by a majority vote of the stockholders present or represented,
without any notice other than by announcement at the meeting,
until a quorum shall attend.  Any meeting at which a quorum is
present may also be adjourned, in like manner, for such time, or
upon such call, as may be determined by vote.  At any such
adjourned meeting at which a quorum may be present any business
may be transacted which might have been transacted at the
meeting as originally called.  In the absence of a quorum of any
class or classes of stock or any one or more series of any class
or classes of stock at any meeting of stockholders at which more
than one class or series of stock shall be entitled to vote
separately as a class or series for the election of directors, a
majority in interest of the stockholders present in person or by
proxy of the class or classes or one or more series of stock
which lack a quorum shall also have the power to adjourn the
meeting for the election of directors which they are entitled to
elect, from time to time, without notice other than by
announcement at the meeting, until a quorum of such class or
classes or one or more series of stock shall be present.

     SECTION 4.  Annual Election of Directors:  The annual
meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and the
transaction of other business shall be held on the fourth Monday
of September in each year at 1:00 o'clock in the afternoon,
standard time, unless, by a resolution adopted not later than
sixty (60) days before such date, the board of directors fixes
another date or time in the months of September or October for
the holding of such annual meeting.  If the election of
directors shall not be had on the day designated herein for the
annual meeting or at an adjournment thereof, the board of
directors shall cause a meeting of the stockholders for the
election of a board of directors to be held as soon thereafter
as conveniently may be. At such meeting the stockholders may
elect the directors and transact other business with the same
force and effect as at an annual meeting duly called and held.

     After the first election of directors no stock shall be
voted on at any election which shall have been transferred on
the books of the corporation within twenty (20) days next
preceding such election, except where the transfer books of the
corporation shall have been closed or a date shall have been
fixed as a record date for the determination of the stockholders
entitled to vote, as hereinafter in article IV, section 7 of
these by-laws provided.

     The directors elected annually shall hold office until the
next annual election and until their successors are respectively
elected and qualified; provided, however, in the event that the
holders of any class or classes of stock or any one or more
series of any class or classes of stock have the right to elect
directors separately as a class or series and such right shall
have vested, such right may be exercised as provided in the
certificate of incorporation of the corporation.

     The secretary shall prepare, or cause to be prepared, at
least ten (10) days before every election, a complete list of
stockholders entitled to vote, arranged in alphabetical order,
and such list shall be open at the place where the election is
to be held, for such ten (10) days, to the examination of any
stockholder, and shall be produced and kept at the time and
place of election during the whole time thereof, subject to the
inspection of any stockholder who may be present.

     SECTION 5. Special Meetings: How Called:  Special meetings
of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by
the chairman of the board of directors or by any three (3)
directors or by the holders of not less than one-third (1/3) in
interest of the stock of the corporation entitled to vote, or by
resolution of the board of directors.  Special meetings of the
holders of any class or classes of stock or any one or more
series of any class or classes of stock for the purpose of
electing directors in accordance with a special right as a class
or series shall be called as provided in the certificate of
incorporation of the corporation.

     SECTION 6.  Voting at Stockholders' Meetings:  The board of
directors shall determine the voting power of any cumulative
preference stock in accordance with article IV of the
certificate of incorporation.  Each stockholder entitled to vote
shall have one (1) vote for each share of voting stock
registered in his name on the books of the corporation.  At all
meetings of stockholders all questions, except as otherwise
provided by law or the certificate of incorporation, shall be
determined by a majority vote in interest of the stockholders
entitled to vote present in person or represented by proxy;
provided, however, that any qualified voter may demand a stock
vote, and in that case, such stock vote shall immediately be
taken.  A stock vote shall be by ballot and each ballot shall be
signed by the stockholder voting, or by his proxy, if there be
such proxy, and shall state the number of shares voted.  Shares
of its own capital stock belonging to the corporation shall not
be voted upon directly or indirectly.  The vote on stock of the
corporation may be given by the stockholder entitled thereto in
person or by his proxy appointed by an instrument in writing,
subscribed by such stockholder or by his attorney thereunto
authorized, and delivered to the secretary of the meeting.  No
proxy shall be voted on after three (3) years from its date,
unless said proxy provides for a longer period.

     SECTION 7. Notice of Stockholders' Meetings:  Written
notice, stating the time and place of the meeting and, in case
of a special meeting, stating also the general nature of the
business to be considered, shall be given by the secretary by
mailing, or causing to be mailed, such notice, postage prepaid,
to each stockholder entitled to vote, at his post office address
as the same appears on the stock books of the corporation, or by
delivering such notice to him personally, at least ten (10) days
before the meeting.


                           ARTICLE II

                            DIRECTORS

     SECTION 1.  Organization:  The board of directors may hold
a meeting for the purpose of organization and the transaction of
other business, if a quorum be present, immediately before or
after the annual meeting of the stockholders and immediately
before or after any special meeting at which directors are
elected.  Notice of such meeting need not be given.  Such
organizational meeting may be held at any other time or place,
which shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter
provided for special meetings of the board of directors, or in a
consent and waiver of notice thereof signed by all the
directors.

     SECTION 2.  Election of Officers:  At such meeting the
board of directors may elect from among its number a chairman of
the board of directors, one or more persons to serve as a vice
chairman; a president and one or more corporate and company vice
presidents, a secretary, a treasurer, a controller, one or more
assistant secretaries, and one or more assistant treasurers who
need not be directors.  Such officers shall hold office until
the next annual election of officers and until their successors
are respectively elected and qualified, unless removed by the
board of directors as provided in section 11 of article III.

     SECTION 3.  Regular Meetings:  Regular meetings of the
board of directors shall be held on such dates as are
designated, from time to time, by resolutions of the board, and
shall be held at the principal office of the corporation,
or at such other location as the board selects.  Each regular
meeting shall commence at the time designated by the Chairman of
the Board on at least five (5) days' written notice to each
director when sent by mail and on at least three (3) days'
notice when sent by private express carrier or transmitted by
telex, facsimile or similar means.

     SECTION 4.  Special Meetings:  How Called:  Notice:
Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by the
chairman of the board, a vice chairman of the board, the
president or by any three (3) directors who are not salaried
officers or salaried employees of the corporation.  Written
notice of the time, place and purposes of each special meeting
shall be sent by private express carrier or transmitted by
telex, facsimile or similar means to each director at least
twenty-four (24) hours prior to such meeting.  Notwith-standing
the preceding, any meeting of the board of directors shall be a
legal meeting without any notice thereof if all the members of
the board shall be present, or if all absent members waive
notice thereof.

     SECTION 5.  Number: Qualifications: Quorum: Term:

      (a) The Board of Directors shall consist of fourteen (14)
   members.

      (b) No person shall be eligible to become or to remain a
   director of the corporation unless he shall be a stockholder
   in the corporation.  Not more than six (6) of the members of
   the board of directors shall be officers or employees of the
   corporation, but the chairman of the board shall not be
   deemed such an officer or employee.

      (c) Subject to the provisions of the certificate of
   incorporation, as amended, one-third (1/3) of the total
   number of the directors (but in no event less than two (2))
   shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business.
   The affirmative vote of the majority of the directors
   present at a meeting at which a quorum is constituted shall
   be the act of the board of directors, unless the certificate
   of incorporation shall require a vote of a greater number.

      (d) Except as otherwise provided in these by-laws,
   directors shall hold office until the next succeeding annual
   stockholders' meeting and thereafter until their successors
   are respectively elected and qualified.

      (e) Except as otherwise provided in the certificate of
   incorporation or these by-laws, the number of directors may
   by altered from time to time by amendment to the above sub-
   section (a).

   SECTION 6.  Place of Meetings:  The board of directors may
hold its meetings and keep the books of the corporation outside
of the State of Delaware, at any office or offices of the
corporation, or at any other place, as it may from time to time
by resolution determine.

   SECTION 7.  Powers of Directors:  The board of directors
shall have the management of the business of the corporation,
and, subject to the restrictions imposed by law, by the
certificate of incorporation or by these by-laws, may exercise
all the powers of the corporation.

   SECTION 8.  Vacancies:  Except as otherwise provided in the
certificate of incorporation, any vacancy in the board of
directors because of death, resignation, disqualification,
increase in number of directors, or any other cause may be
filled by a majority of the remaining directors, though less
than a quorum, at any regular or special meeting of the
directors; or any such vacancy resulting from any cause
whatsoever may be filled by the stockholders at the first annual
meeting held after such vacancy shall occur or at a special
meeting thereof called for the purpose.

   SECTION 9.  Resignation and Removal of Directors:  Any
director of the corporation may resign at any time by giving
written notice to the chairman of the board or to the secretary
of the corporation.  Such resignation shall take effect at the
time specified therein; and, unless otherwise specified therein,
the acceptance of such resignation shall not be necessary to
make it effective.   Except as otherwise provided in the
certificate of incorporation, any director may be removed,
either with or without cause, at any time, by the affirmative
vote of a majority in interest of the stockholders of the
corporation entitled to vote, given at a special meeting of the
stockholders called for the purpose; and the vacancy in the
board caused by any such removal may be filled by the
stockholders at such meeting.

   SECTION 10.  Compensation of Directors:  The board of
directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of
directors.  In addition, each director shall be entitled to be
reimbursed by the corporation for his expenses incurred in
attending meetings of the board of directors or of any committee
of which he is a member.  Nothing herein contained shall be
construed to preclude any director from serving the corporation
in any other capacity and receiving compensation for such
services from the corporation; provided, however, that any
person who is receiving a stated compensation as an officer of
the corporation for his services as such officer shall not
receive any additional compensation for services as a director
during such period.  A director entitled to receive stated
compensation for his services as director, who shall serve for
only a portion of a year, shall be entitled to receive only that
portion of his annual stated compensation on which the period of
his service during the year bears to the entire year.  The
annual compensation of directors shall be paid at such times and
in such installments as the board of directors may determine.

   SECTION 11. Executive Committee:

      (a) The board of directors may appoint from its number an
   executive committee of not less than eight (8) members.

      (b) Not more than four (4) members shall be officers or
   employees of the corporation but the chairman of the board
   shall not be deemed such an officer or employee.

      (c) A majority shall constitute a quorum, and in every
   case the affirmative vote of a majority of all the members
   of the committee shall be necessary for the adoption of any
   motion, provided that in order to procure and maintain a
   quorum at any meeting of the executive committee in the
   absence or disqualification of any member of such committee,
   the member or members thereof present at such meeting and
   not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they
   constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member
   of the board of directors (subject always to the limitations
   of subsection (b) above) to act at the meeting in the place
   of any such absent or disqualified member.

      (d) Each member of the executive committee, if appointed,
   shall hold office until the election at the next succeeding
   annual meeting of the stockholders of the corporation of a
   new board of directors; subject to the provisions of section
   14 of this article.

   SECTION 12.  Executive Committee:  Powers:  During the
intervals between the meetings of the board of directors, the
executive committee shall have and may exercise all the powers
of the board of directors in the management of the business and
affairs of the corporation, including power to authorize the
execution of any papers and to authorize the seal of the
corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it, 
in such manner as such committee shall deem best for the interests 
of the corporation, in all cases in which specific directions 
shall not have been given by the board of directors.

   SECTION 13.  Executive Committee:  Organization: Meetings,
Etc.:  The chairman of the executive committee shall preside at
all meetings of the executive committee and the secretary of the
corporation shall act as secretary of the executive committee.
In the absence of the chairman of the executive committee the
committee shall appoint another member thereof to act as
chairman of the meeting, and in the absence of the secretary, an
assistant secretary of the corporation shall act as secretary of
the meeting.  In the absence of all of such persons, the
committee shall appoint a chairman or a secretary of the
meeting, as the case may be.  If an executive committee shall be
appointed it shall hold regular meetings without notice on each
day excepting only Sundays and holidays at 9:00 o'clock in the
forenoon and at 2:30 o'clock in the afternoon.  Failure of such
committee to meet at such hours on any day or for a series of
days shall not invalidate any subsequent meeting of the
committee held on any day at an hour herein specified.  Such
regular meetings of such committee shall be held at the
principal office of the corporation, or at such other office of
the corporation as such committee by resolution may from time to
time designate as the place for the holding of such regular
meetings, in which latter event the place so designated shall
constitute the place at which such meetings shall be held until
such committee shall by resolution designate a different place
for the holding of such regular meetings.  A special meeting of
the executive committee may be called by the chairman of the
board, the chairman of the executive committee or the secretary
of the corporation upon such notice as may be given for special
meetings of the board of directors.  Any meeting of the
executive committee shall be a legal meeting without notice
thereof if all the members of the committee shall be present or
if all absent members waive notice thereof.  The committee shall
keep a record of its acts and proceedings and report thereon to
the board of directors at the regular meeting thereof held next
after they shall have been taken.

   SECTION 14.  Resignation and Removal of Member of Executive
Committee:  Any member of the executive committee may resign at
any time or may be removed at any time either with or without
cause by resolution adopted by a majority of the whole board of
directors at any meeting of the board of directors at which a
quorum is present.

   SECTION 15.  Vacancies in the Executive Committee:  Any
vacancy in the executive committee shall be filled in the manner
prescribed by these by-laws for the original appointment of such
committee.


                           ARTICLE III

                            OFFICERS


   SECTION 1.  Titles:  The corporate and company officers to be
elected by the board of directors shall be a chairman of the
board of directors and one or more persons to serve as a vice
chairman, and a president, who shall be directors, and one or
more corporate or company vice presidents, a secretary, a senior
vice president, corporate finance, a senior vice president,
financial operations, one or more assistant secretaries, and one
or more directors of finance who need not be directors.  The
board shall designate one of the corporate officers to serve as
chief executive officer.

   SECTION 2.  Chairman:  The chairman of the board of directors
shall preside at all meetings of the board, all meetings of the
stockholders, as well as all meetings of the executive
committee.  The chairman, upon being designated the
chief executive officer, shall have supervisory authority over
the policies of the corporation as well as the management and
control of the business and affairs of the corporation.  He
shall also exercise such other powers as the board of directors
may from time to time direct or which may be required by law.

   SECTION 3.  Vice Chairman:  The officer or officers serving
as vice chairman shall have such duties and responsibilities
relating to the management of the corporation as may be defined
and designated by the chief executive officer or the board of
directors.

   SECTION 4.  President:  The president shall have responsibility 
for the management of the operating businesses of the corporation 
and shall do and perform all acts incident to the office of president 
or which are authorized by the chief executive officer, the board of 
directors or as may be required by law.

   SECTION 5.  Vice President(s):  Each corporate vice president
shall have such designations and such powers and shall perform
such duties as may be assigned by the board of directors or the
chief executive officer.  The board of directors may designate
one or more corporate vice presidents to be a senior executive
vice president, executive vice president, senior vice president,
or group vice president.

   Each company vice president shall have such designations and
such powers, and shall perform such duties as may be assigned to
him by the board of directors, the chief executive officer or by
a corporate vice president.

   SECTION 6.  Secretary:  The secretary shall:

      (a) keep the minutes of the meetings of the stockholders,
   of the board of directors and of the executive committee in
   books provided for the purpose;

      (b) see that all notices are duly given in accordance
   with the provisions of these by-laws or as required by law;

      (c) be custodian of the records and have charge of the
   seal of the corporation and see that it is affixed to all
   stock certificates prior to their issuance and to all
   documents the execution of which on behalf of the
   corporation under its seal is duly authorized in accordance
   with the provisions of these by-laws;

      (d) have charge of the stock books of the corporation and
   keep or cause to be kept the stock and transfer books in
   such manner as to show at any time the amount of the stock
   of the corporation issued and outstanding, the manner in
   which and the time when such stock was paid for, the names,
   alphabetically arranged, and the addresses of the holders of
   record thereof, the number of shares held by each, and the
   time when each became such holder of record; exhibit or
   cause to be exhibited at all reasonable times to any
   director, upon application, the original or duplicate stock
   ledger;

      (e) see that the books, reports, statements, certificates
   and all other documents and records required by law are
   properly kept, executed and filed; and

      (f) in general, perform all duties incident to the office
   of secretary, and such other duties as from time to time may
   be assigned to him by the board of directors.

   SECTION 7.  Assistant Secretary:  The board of directors may
elect an assistant secretary or more than one assistant
secretary.  At the request of the secretary, or in his absence
or disability, an assistant secretary may perform all the duties
of the secretary, and, when so acting, he shall have all the
powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the
secretary.  Each assistant secretary shall have such other
powers and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to
him by the board of directors.

   SECTION 8.  Senior Vice President, Corporate Finance:  The
senior vice president, corporate finance, if required so to do
by the board of directors, shall give a bond for the faithful
discharge of his duties in such sum, and with such sureties, as
the board of directors shall require.  The senior vice president, 
corporate finance shall:

      (a) have charge and custody of, and be responsible for,
   all funds and securities of the corporation coming into his
   hands (until he has deposited the same to the credit or
   account of the corporation with an authorized depositary)
   and deposit all such funds in the name of the corporation in
   such banks, banking firms, trust companies or other
   depositaries as shall be selected in accordance with the
   provisions of article V of these by-laws;

      (b) exhibit at all reasonable times his books of account
   and records to any of the directors of the corporation upon
   application during business hours at the office of the
   corporation where such books and records are kept;

      (c) receive, and give receipt for, moneys due and payable
   to the corporation from any source whatsoever; and

      (d) in general, perform all the duties incident to the
   office of senior vice president, corporate finance and such
   other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him by
   the board of directors.

   SECTION 9.  Director of Finance:  The board of directors may
elect a director of finance or more than one director of
finance.  At the request of the senior vice president, corporate
finance, or in his absence or disability, a director of finance
may perform all the duties of the senior vice president,
corporate finance, and, when so acting, he shall have all the
powers of, and be subject to all the restrictions upon, the
senior vice president, corporate finance.  Each director of
finance shall have such other powers and shall perform such
other duties as may be assigned to him by the board of
directors.

   SECTION 10.  Senior Vice President, Financial Operations:
The senior vice president, financial operations shall perform
all of the duties incident to the office of senior vice
president, financial operations, as such duties may from time to
time be designated or approved by the board of directors.
Included in such duties shall be the establishment and
maintenance of sound accounting and auditing policies and
practices, in respect to which duties he shall be responsible
directly to the board of directors through its chairman.

   SECTION 11.  Resignation and Removal of Officers:  Any
officer of the corporation may resign at any time by giving
written notice to the chairman of the board or to the secretary.
Such resignation shall take effect at the time specified
therein, and unless otherwise specified therein the acceptance
of such resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

   Any officer may be removed for cause at any time by a
majority of the board of directors and any officer may be
removed summarily without cause by such vote.

   SECTION 12.  Salaries:  The salaries of officers shall be
fixed from time to time by the board of directors or the
executive committee or other committee appointed by the board.
The board of directors or the executive committee of the board
may authorize and empower the chief executive officer, any vice
chairman, or any vice president of the corporation designated by
the board of directors or by the executive committee to fix the
salaries of all officers of the corporation who are not
directors of the corporation.  No officer shall be prevented
from receiving a salary by reason of the fact that he is also a
director of the corporation.


                           ARTICLE IV

                          CAPITAL STOCK

   SECTION 1.  Issue of Certificates of Stock:  Certificates for
the shares of the capital stock of the corporation shall be in
such forms as shall be approved by the board of directors.  Each
stockholder shall be entitled to a certificate for his shares of
stock under the seal of the corporation, signed by the chairman,
a vice chairman or a vice president and also by the secretary or
an assistant secretary or by the senior vice president,
corporate finance or a director of finance; provided, however,
that where a certificate is countersigned by a transfer agent,
other than the corporation or its employee, or by a registrar,
other than the corporation or its employee, the corporate seal
and any other signature on such certificate may be a facsimile,
engraved, stamped or printed.  In case any officer, transfer
agent or registrar of the corporation who shall have signed, or
whose facsimile signature shall have been used on any such
certificate, shall cease to be such officer, transfer agent or
registrar, whether because of death, resignation, or otherwise,
before such certificate shall have been delivered by the
corporation, such certificate shall nevertheless be deemed to
have been adopted by the corporation and may be issued and
delivered as though the person who signed such certificate or
whose facsimile signature shall have been used thereon had not
ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar.

   SECTION 2. Transfer of Shares:  The shares of stock of the
corporation shall be transferable upon its books by the holders
thereof in person or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal
representatives, and upon such transfer the old certificates
shall be surrendered to the corporation by the delivery thereof
to the person in charge of the stock and transfer books and
ledgers, or to such other person as the board of directors may
designate, by whom they shall be cancelled, and new certificates
shall thereupon be issued for the shares so transferred to the
person entitled thereto.  A record shall be made of each
transfer and whenever a transfer shall be made for collateral
security, and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the
entry of the transfer.

   SECTION 3.  Dividends:  The board of directors may declare
lawful dividends as and when it deems expedient.  Before
declaring any dividend, there may be reserved out of the
accumulated profits such sum or sums as the board of directors
from time to time, in its discretion, thinks proper for working
capital or as a reserve fund to meet contingencies or for
equalizing dividends, or for such other purposes as the board of
directors shall think conducive to the interests of the
corporation.

   SECTION 4.  Lost Certificates:  Any person claiming a
certificate of stock to be lost or destroyed shall make an
affidavit or affirmation of that fact, and if requested to do so
by the board of directors of the corporation shall advertise
such fact in such manner as the board of directors may require,
and shall give to the corporation, its transfer agent and
registrar, if any, a bond of indemnity in such sum as the board
of directors may direct, but not less than double the value of
stock represented by such certificate, in form satisfactory to
the board of directors and to the transfer agent and registrar
of the corporation, if any, and with or without sureties as the
board of directors with the approval of the transfer agent and
registrar, if any, may prescribe; whereupon the chairman, a vice
chairman or a vice president and the senior vice president,
corporate finance or a director of finance or the secretary or
an assistant secretary may cause to be issued a new certificate
of the same tenor and for the same number of shares as the one
alleged to have been lost or destroyed.  The issuance of such
new certificates shall be under the control of the board of
directors.

   SECTION 5.  Rules as to Issue of Certificates:  The board of
directors may make such rules and regulations as it may deem
expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of
certificates of stock of the corporation.  It may appoint one or
more transfer agents and/or registrars of transfers, and may
require all certificates of stock to bear the signature of
either or both.   Each and every person accepting from the
corporation certificates of stock therein shall furnish the
corporation with a written statement of his or her residence or
post office address, and in the event of changing such residence
shall advise the corporation of such new address.

   SECTION 6.  Holder of Record Deemed Holder in Fact:  The
board of directors shall be entitled to treat the holder of
record of any share or shares of stock as the holder in fact
thereof, and accordingly shall not be bound to recognize any
equitable or other claim to, or interest in, such share or
shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall
have express or other notice thereof, save as expressly provided
by law.

   SECTION 7.  Closing of Transfer Books or Fixing Record Date:
The board of directors shall have the power to close the stock
transfer books of the corporation for a period not exceeding
sixty (60) days preceding the date of any meeting of
stockholders or the date for payment of any dividend or the date
for the allotment of rights or the date when any change or
conversion or exchange of capital stock shall go into effect;
provided, however, that in lieu of closing the stock transfer
books as aforesaid, the board of directors may fix in advance a
date, not exceeding sixty (60) days preceding the date of any
meeting of stockholders or the date for the payment of any
dividend, or the date for the allotment of rights, or the date
when any change or conversion or exchange of capital stock shall
go into effect, as a record date for the determination of the
stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, any such
meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any such dividend, or
to any such allotment of rights, or to exercise the rights in
respect of any such change, conversion or exchange of capital
stock, and in such case only such stockholders as shall be
stockholders of record on the date so fixed shall be entitled to
such notice of, and to vote at, such meeting, or to receive
payment of such dividend, or to receive such allotment of
rights, or to exercise such rights, as the case may be,
notwithstanding any transfer of any stock on the books of the
corporation after any such record date fixed as aforesaid.


                            ARTICLE V

         CONTRACTS, CHECKS, DRAFTS, BANK ACCOUNTS, ETC.

   SECTION 1. Contracts, Etc.:  How Executed:  The board of
directors or such officer or person to whom such power shall be
delegated by the board of directors by resolution, except as in
these by-laws otherwise provided, may authorize any officer or
officers, agent or agents, either by name or by designation of
their respective offices, positions or class, to enter into any
contract or execute and deliver any instrument in the name of
and on behalf of the corporation, and such authority may be
general or confined to specific instances; and, unless so
authorized, no officer, agent or employee shall have any power
or authority to bind the corporation by any contract or
engagement, or to pledge its credit or to render it liable
pecuniarily for any purpose or in any amount.

   SECTION 2.  Loans:  No loans shall be contracted on behalf of
the corporation and no negotiable paper shall be issued in its
name, unless and except as authorized by the vote of the board
of directors or by such officer or person to whom such power
shall be delegated by the board of directors by resolution.
When so authorized by the board of directors or by such officer
or person to whom such power shall be delegated by the board of
directors by resolution, any officer or agent of the corporation
may obtain loans and advances at any time for the corporation
from any bank, banking firm, trust company or other institution,
or from any firm, corporation or individual, and for such loans
and advances may make, execute and deliver promissory notes,
bonds or other evidences of indebtedness of the corporation,
and, when authorized as aforesaid to give security for the
payment of any loan, advance, indebtedness or liability of the
corporation, may pledge, hypothecate or transfer any and all
stocks, securities and other personal property at any time held
by the corporation, and to that end endorse, assign and deliver
the same, but only to the extent and in the manner authorized by
the board of directors.  Such authority may be general or
confined to specific instances.

   SECTION 3.  Deposits:  All funds of the corporation shall be
deposited from time to time to the credit of the corporation
with such banks, banking firms, trust companies or other
depositaries as the board of directors may select or as may be
selected by any officer or officers, agent or agents of the
corporation to whom such power may be delegated from time to
time by the board of directors.

   SECTION 4.  Checks, Drafts, Etc.:  All checks, drafts or
other orders for the payment of money, notes, acceptances, or
other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the
corporation, shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent
or agents of the corporation and in such manner as shall be
determined from time to time by resolution of the board of
directors or by such officer or person to whom such power of
determination shall be delegated by the board of directors by
resolution.  Endorsements for deposit to the credit of the
corporation in any of its authorized depositaries may be made,
without any countersignature, by the chairman of the board, a
vice chairman, or any vice president, or the senior vice
president, corporate finance or any director of finance, or by
any other officer or agent of the corporation appointed by any
officer of the corporation to whom the board of directors, by
resolution, shall have delegated such power of appointment, or
by hand-stamped impression in the name of the corporation.

   SECTION 5.  Transaction of Business:  The corporation, or any
division or department into which any of the business or
operations of the corporation may have been divided, may
transact business and execute contracts under its own corporate
name, its division or department name, a trademark or a trade
name.


                           ARTICLE VI

                    MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

   SECTION 1.

      (a) Fiscal Year:  The fiscal year of the corporation
   shall end with the last Sunday of May of each year.

      (b) Staff and Divisional Titles:  The chief executive
   officer may appoint at his discretion such persons to hold
   the title of staff vice president, divisional president or
   divisional vice president or other similar designation.
   Such persons shall not be officers of the corporation and
   shall retain such title at the sole discretion of the chief
   executive officer who may at his will and from time to time
   make or revoke such designation.

   SECTION 2.  Notice and Waiver of Notice:  Whenever any notice
is required by these by-laws to be given, personal notice to the
person is not meant unless expressly so stated; and any notice
so required shall be deemed to be sufficient if given by
depositing the same in a post office or post box in a sealed
postpaid wrapper, addressed to the person entitled thereto at
his post office address as shown on the stock books of the
corporation, in case of a stockholder, and at his last known
post office address in case of an officer or director who is not
a stockholder; and such notice shall be deemed to have been
given on the day of such deposit.  In the case of notice by
private express carrier, telex, facsimile or similar means,
notice shall be deemed to be sufficient if transmitted or sent
to the person entitled to notice or to any person at the
residence or usual place of business of the person entitled to
notice who it is reasonably believed will convey such notice to
the person entitled thereto; and notice shall be deemed to have
been given at the time of receipt at such residence or place of
business.  Any notice required by these by-laws may be given to
the person entitled thereto personally and attendance of a
person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such
meeting.  Whenever notice is required to be given under these by-
laws, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person entitled to
notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall
be deemed equivalent to notice.

   SECTION 3.  Inspection of Books:  The board of directors
shall determine from time to time whether and, if allowed, when
and under what conditions and regulations the accounts, records
and books of the corporation (except such as may, by statute, be
specifically open to inspection), or any of them, shall be open
to the inspection of the stockholders, and the stockholders'
rights in this respect are and shall be restricted and limited
accordingly.

   SECTION 4.  Construction:  All references herein (i) in the
plural shall be construed to include the singular, (ii) in the
singular shall be construed to include the plural and (iii) in
the masculine gender shall be construed to include the feminine
gender, if the context so requires.

   SECTION 5.  Adjournment of Meetings:  If less than a quorum
shall be present at any meeting of the board of directors of the
corporation, or of the executive committee of the board, or
other committee, the meeting may be adjourned from time to time
by a majority vote of members present, without any notice other
than by announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall
attend.   Any meeting at which a quorum is present may also be
adjourned in like manner, for such time or upon such call, as
may be determined by vote.  At any such adjourned meeting at
which a quorum may be present, any business may be transacted
which might have been transacted at the meeting originally held
if a quorum had been present thereat.

   SECTION 6.  Indemnification:

      (a) The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or
   is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
   threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding,
   whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative
   (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation)
   by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer,
   employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving
   at the request of the corporation as a director, officer,
   employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
   venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses
   (including attorneys' fees), judgments, fines and amounts
   paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him
   in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he
   acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed
   to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
   corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or
   proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct
   was unlawful.  The termination of any action, suit or
   proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or
   upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not,
   of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act
   in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed
   to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
   corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or
   proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct
   was unlawful.

      (b) The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or
   is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
   threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the
   right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor
   by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer,
   employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving
   at the request of the corporation as a director, officer,
   employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
   venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses
   (including attorneys' fees) actually and reasonably incurred
   by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such
   action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he
   reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
   interests of the corporation and except that no
   indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue
   or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged
   to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the
   extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such
   action or suit was brought shall determine upon application
   that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of
   all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and
   reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the
   Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

      (c) To the extent that a director, officer, employee or
   agent of the corporation has been successful on the merits
   or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding
   referred to in subsections (a) and (b), or in defense of any
   claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified or
   reimbursed against expenses (including attorneys' fees)
   actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection
   therewith.

      (d) Any indemnification under sub-sections (a) and (b)
   (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation
   only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination
   that indemnification of the director, officer, employee or
   agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the
   applicable standard of conduct set forth in sub-sections (a)
   and (b) of this section.  Such determination shall be made
   (1) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum
   consisting of directors who were not parties to such action,
   suit or proceeding, or (2) if such a quorum is not
   obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested
   directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a
   written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders.

      (e) Expenses (including attorneys' fees) incurred by an
   officer or director in defending a civil, criminal,
   administrative or investigative action, suit or proceeding
   shall be paid by the corporation in advance of the final
   disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt
   of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or
   officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be
   determined that such person is not entitled to be
   indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this
   section.  Such expenses incurred by other employees and
   agents may be so paid upon such terms and conditions, if
   any, as the board of directors deems appropriate.

      (f) The indemnification and advancement of expenses
   provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other subsections
   of this section shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
   rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement
   of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, agreement,
   vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or
   otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as
   to action in another capacity while holding such office.

       (g)    The corporation shall have power to purchase and
   maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a
   director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or
   is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a
   director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
   partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise
   against any liability asserted against him and incurred by
   him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as
   such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to
   indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of
   this section.

      (h) For purposes of this section, references to "the
   corporation" shall include, in addition to the resulting
   corporation, any constituent corporation (including any
   constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or
   merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would
   have had power and authority to indemnify its directors,
   officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is
   or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such
   constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request
   of such constituent corporation as a director, officer,
   employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint
   venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same
   position under this section with respect to the resulting or
   surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such
   constituent corporation if its separate existence had
   continued.

      (i) For purposes of this section, references to "other
   enterprises" shall include employee benefit plans;
   references to "fines" shall include any excise taxes
   assessed on a person with respect to am employee benefit
   plan; and references to "serving at the request of the
   corporation" shall include any service as a director,
   officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes
   duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer,
   employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan,
   its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted
   in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be
   in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an
   employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a
   manner "not opposed to the best interests of the
   corporation" as referred to in this section.

      (j) The indemnification and advancement of expenses
   provided by, or granted pursuant to, this section shall,
   unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified,
   continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director,
   officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of
   the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

   SECTION 7.  Resolution of Board of Directors Providing for
Issuance of Cumulative Preference Stock:  For purposes of these
by-laws the certificate of incorporation shall be deemed to
include any certificate filed and recorded in accordance with
section 151(g) of the Delaware Corporation Law which, in
accordance with said section, sets forth the resolution or
resolutions adopted by the board of directors providing for the
issuance of cumulative preference stock or any series thereof.

                           ARTICLE VII

                           AMENDMENTS


   SECTION 1.  Amendment of By-Laws:  All by-laws of the
corporation shall be subject to alteration or repeal, and new by-
laws may be made, either by the stockholders at an annual
meeting or at any special meeting, provided notice of the
proposed alteration or repeal or of the proposed new by-laws be
included in the notice of any such special meeting, or by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the whole board of directors
of the corporation at any regular meeting or at any special
meeting of the board of directors, provided that notice of the
proposed alteration or repeal or of the proposed new by-laws be
included in the notice of any such special meeting; but the time
and place for the election of directors shall not be changed
within sixty (60) days next before the day on which the election
is to be held, as in these by-laws provided; and provided
further that no by-law shall be adopted which shall be in
conflict with the provisions of the certificate of incorporation
or any amendment thereto.  By-laws made or altered by the
stockholders or by the board of directors shall be subject to
alteration or repeal either by the stockholders or by the board
of directors; provided, however, that the board of directors
shall have no power or authority to alter or repeal sub-section
(b) of section 5 or sub-section (b) of section 11 of article II
of these by-laws respecting eligibility of officers or employees
of the corporation as members of the board of directors and of
the executive committee of the board, or to make any alteration
in sub-section (a) of section 5 or in sub-section (a) of section
11 of said article II which would reduce the number composing
the board of directors below twelve (12) or the number composing
the executive committee below eight (8); the sole right to make
any such change being reserved to the stockholders.  So long as
any class or classes of stock or any one or more series of any
class or classes of stock which have a separate vote as such
class or series for the election of directors by such class or
series shall be outstanding, no alteration, amendment, or repeal
of the provisions of sections 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 of article I,
sections 1, 5, 8 and 9 of article II, section 7 of article VI,
and article VII of these by-laws which affects adversely the
rights or preferences of any such outstanding class or series of
stock shall be made without the consent or affirmative vote of
the holders of at least two-thirds (2/3) of each such class or
series entitled to vote; provided, however, that any increase or
decrease in the number of directors set forth in the first
sentence of sub-section (a) of section 5 of article II shall not
be deemed adversely to affect such rights or preferences.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK OPTION & L-T INCENTIVE PLAN 1988
<TEXT>


                                                 EXHIBIT 10.1


                       GENERAL MILLS, INC.

        STOCK OPTION AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN OF 1988
     
                As Amended Through June 27, 1994



                       GENERAL MILLS, INC.

        STOCK OPTION AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN OF 1988


 1.    PURPOSE OF THE PLAN

       The purpose of the General Mills, Inc. Stock Option and
       Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1988 (the "Plan") is to
       attract and retain strong management employees by
       rewarding certain officers and key employees of General
       Mills, Inc. (the "Corporation") and its subsidiaries who
       are primarily responsible for the management, growth and
       sound development of the business of the Corporation.


 2.    EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN

       This Plan shall become effective as of September 26,
       1988, subject to the approval of the stockholders of the
       Corporation at the Annual Meeting on September 26, 1988.


 3.    ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

       The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation
       Committee (the "Committee").  The Committee shall be made
       up of non-management members of the Board of Directors
       (the "Board") appointed in accordance with the
       Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation.  The
       Committee shall have authority to adopt rules and
       regulations for carrying out the purpose of the Plan,
       select the employees to whom grants will be made, the
       number of shares to be optioned or awarded and interpret,
       construe and implement the provisions of the Plan;
       provided that if at any time Rule 16b-3 or any successor
       rule ("Rule 16b-3") under the Securities Exchange Act of
       1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), so permits without
       adversely affecting the ability of the Plan to comply
       with the conditions for exemption from Section 16 of the
       1934 Act (or any successor provisions) provided by Rule
       16b-3, the Committee may delegate the administration of
       the Plan in whole or in part, on such terms and
       conditions, and to such person or persons as it may
       determine in its discretion, as it relates to persons not
       subject to Section 16 of the 1934 Act, or any successor
       provision.  Decisions of the Committee (or its delegate
       as permitted herein) shall be final, conclusive and
       binding upon all parties, including the Corporation,
       stockholders and optionees.


 4.    COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

       The shares of Common Stock of the Corporation ($.10 par
       value) to be issued upon exercise of a Stock Option, as
       Restricted Stock, or upon expiration of the restricted
       period for Restricted Stock Units, may be made available
       from the authorized but unissued Common Stock, shares of
       Common Stock held in the treasury, or Common Stock
       purchased on the open market or otherwise.

       Approval of the Plan by the stockholders of the
       Corporation shall constitute authorization to use such
       shares for the Plan, subject to the discretion of the
       Board or as such discretion may be delegated to the
       Committee.

       The Committee, in its discretion, may require as a
       condition to the grant of Stock Options, Restricted Stock
       or Restricted Stock Units, the deposit of Common Stock
       ("Deposit Shares") by the person receiving such grant,
       and the forfeiture of such Stock Options, Restricted
       Stock or Restricted Stock Units, if such deposit is not
       made or maintained during the option period or the
       applicable restricted period.  Such shares of deposited
       Common Stock may not be otherwise sold, exchanged,
       transferred, pledged or disposed of during the applicable
       option period or restricted period.  The Committee may
       also determine whether any shares issued in respect of a
       Stock Option shall be restricted in any manner.

       Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding
       paragraph, the maximum aggregate number of shares
       originally authorized under the Plan for which Stock
       Options, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units
       could be granted under the Plan was 6,000,000 shares.  As
       of September 20, 1993, and subject to the provisions of
       the next succeeding paragraph, there remain 798,050
       shares authorized to be issued under the Plan (as
       adjusted for stock splits).  If a Stock Option granted
       under the Plan is terminated without having been
       exercised in full, the unpurchased shares shall become
       available for grant to other employees, except when a Non-
       Qualified Stock Option is terminated as a result of a
       withdrawal from an optionee's Performance Unit Account.

       The number of shares subject to the Plan, the outstanding
       options, the outstanding Restricted Stock, the
       outstanding Restricted Stock Units and the exercise price
       per share of outstanding options may be appropriately
       adjusted by the Committee in the event that:

           (i)  the number of outstanding shares of Common
                Stock of the Corporation shall be changed by
                reason of split-ups, combinations or
                reclassifications of shares;

          (ii)  any stock dividends are distributed to
                the holders of Common Stock of the Corporation;
                or

         (iii)  the Common Stock of the Corporation is
                converted into or exchanged for other shares as
                a result of any merger or consolidation
                (including a sale of assets) or other
                recapitalization.


 5.    ELIGIBLE PERSONS

       Only persons who are officers or key employees of the
       Corporation or a subsidiary shall be eligible to receive
       grants under the Plan.  No grant shall be made to any
       member of the Committee or any other non-employee
       Director.


 6.    PURCHASE PRICE OF STOCK OPTIONS

       The purchase price for each share of Common Stock
       issuable under a Stock Option shall not be less than 100%
       of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common Stock of
       the Corporation subject to such option on the date of
       grant.  "Fair Market Value" as used in the Plan shall
       equal the mean of the high and low price of shares of the
       Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the
       applicable date.


 7.    STOCK OPTION TERM

       The term of any Stock Option grant as determined by the
       Committee shall not exceed 10 years and 1 month from the
       date of that grant and shall expire as of the last day of
       the designated term, unless terminated earlier under the
       provisions of the Plan.


 8.    STOCK OPTION TYPE

       The Committee shall determine whether stock option grants
       will be Non-Qualified Stock Options governed by section
       83 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
       "Code") or Incentive Stock Options governed by section
       422A of the Code or stock options governed by any other
       newly enacted provision of the Code.


 9.    INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS

       No optionee may be granted an Incentive Stock Option,
       under this or any other stock option plan of the
       Corporation, with respect to which the Fair Market Value
       of shares subject to such Incentive Stock Option and
       which first become exercisable in a specified calendar
       year exceed $100,000.  For purposes of this Section, the
       Fair Market Value of such shares shall be determined on
       the date of the grant.


 10.   PERFORMANCE UNITS

       At the time of the granting of Non-Qualified Stock
       Options, the Corporation may grant corresponding
       Performance Units to the optionee, less than or equal in
       number to the shares covered by the option grant.

       In each fiscal year of the Corporation in which
       Performance Units may be granted, the Committee shall
       establish goals for

           (i)  the compound growth in earnings per share
                ("EPS") for the Corporation over 3 fiscal years
                (the "Performance Period"); and

          (ii)  the after-tax return on average stockholder 
                equity ("ROE") for the Corporation for the 
                final fiscal year of the Performance
                Period.

       The Committee shall specify the Performance Unit values
       to be earned at various actual rates of EPS growth and
       ROE.  "EPS" means the Corporation's earnings from
       continuing operations per common share and common share
       equivalent (before extraordinary items) as reported in
       the Corporation's financial statements included in the
       Corporation's annual report for the final fiscal year of
       the Performance Period.  The compound growth rate in EPS
       shall be calculated by comparing the EPS for the final
       fiscal year of the Performance Period and the EPS for the
       fiscal year immediately preceding the Performance Period.
       "ROE" means the Corporation's after-tax earnings, divided
       by its average equity, which is the sum of beginning and
       ending total stockholders' equity for such fiscal year
       divided by 2.  EPS and ROE shall be subject to such
       adjustments as may be determined by the Committee.  An
       optionee shall have no vested right to the value of a
       Performance Unit until the end of the Performance Period,
       except as set forth below.

       A Performance Unit Account shall be established for each
       optionee for each fiscal year in which Performance Unit
       grants are made under the Plan.  The value of the
       Performance Units when determined shall be credited to
       the optionee's Performance Unit Account, and such amount
       shall thereafter earn interest at an annual rate
       determined by the Committee; provided, that no such
       interest rate shall exceed two-thirds of the
       Corporation's "return on average capital structure,"
       defined as earnings after-tax plus after-tax interest
       expense, divided by average capital structure.  "Average
       capital structure" is the sum of beginning and ending
       stockholders' equity and interest bearing obligations,
       both current and long-term, divided by 2.  The optionee's
       Performance Unit Account shall be credited with such
       interest on such Performance Units at the end of each
       fiscal quarter of the Corporation until:

           (i)  such Performance Units are withdrawn from
                the Account by the optionee; or

          (ii)  the corresponding Non-Qualified Stock
                Options have been exercised, provided that no
                interest shall be paid beyond the term of the
                corresponding Non-Qualified Stock Option.

       In the event of a Change of Control as described in
       Section 15, Performance Units which have not been valued
       shall be immediately valued at the maximum amount
       specified by the Committee for the pro-rata portion of
       the Performance Period completed to the date of the
       Change of Control, and credited to each optionee's
       Performance Unit Account.

       Performance Units may be granted commencing in fiscal
       year 1989, and each fiscal year thereafter until the
       termination of the Plan.  Accruals of the Performance
       Units (but not the accumulating interest) shall be
       charged annually against the Corporation's profit sharing
       fund established in accordance with the resolution
       approved by the stockholders in 1933, as amended in 1953
       and 1968.


 11.   RESTRICTED STOCK AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS

       A. Grant of Awards
          With respect to awards of Restricted Stock and
          Restricted Stock Units, the Committee shall:

           (i)  select those employees to whom awards will be
                made ("the Participants"), provided that
                Restricted Stock Units may only be awarded to
                those officers or key employees of the
                Corporation or a subsidiary who are employed in
                a country other than the United States;

          (ii)  determine the number of shares of Restricted
                Stock or the number of Restricted Stock Units to
                be awarded;

         (iii)  determine the length of the restricted period;

          (iv)  determine the purchase price, if any, to be paid
                by the Participant for (a) shares of Restricted
                Stock at the time of the award, or (b)
                Restricted Stock Units at the expiration of the
                applicable restricted period; and

           (v)  determine any restrictions other than those set
                forth in this Section 11.

          Each Participant who receives shares of Restricted
          Stock shall deliver to the Corporation a stock power
          endorsed in blank relating to the Restricted Stock
          prior to issuance of Restricted Stock.  A certificate
          for the shares of Restricted Stock shall be issued and
          registered in the name of the Participant and shall
          bear an appropriate restrictive legend.  Such
          certificates shall be held in the custody of the
          Corporation until the restricted period expires or
          until all restrictions thereon otherwise lapse.

          Subject to the restrictions set forth in this 
          Section 11, each Participant who receives Restricted 
          Stock shall have all rights as a shareholder with 
          respect to such shares, including the right to vote 
          the shares and receive dividends and other distributions.

          Each Participant who receives Restricted Stock Units
          shall be eligible to receive, at the expiration of the
          applicable restricted period, one share of Common
          Stock for each Restricted Stock Unit awarded pursuant
          thereto, and the Corporation shall issue to and
          register in the name of each such Participant a
          certificate for that number of shares of Common Stock.
          Participants who receive Restricted Stock Units shall
          have no rights as shareholders with respect to such
          Restricted Stock Units until such time as share
          certificates for Common Stock are issued to the
          Participants; provided, however, that quarterly during
          the applicable restricted period for all Restricted
          Stock Units awarded hereunder, the Corporation shall
          pay to each such Participant an amount equal to the
          sum of all dividends and other distributions paid by
          the Corporation on that number of shares of Common
          Stock during the prior quarter.

       B. Termination of Employment
          Except when specified otherwise in this Section 11, if
          a Participant's employment by the Corporation or a
          subsidiary terminates before the expiration of the
          applicable restricted period for Restricted Stock or
          Restricted Stock Units for any reason other than
          disability, retirement, death, "Change of Control" (as
          defined in Section 15), or termination for the
          convenience of the Corporation, all shares of
          Restricted Stock and all Restricted Stock Units which
          are subject to restriction as of said termination date
          shall be forfeited by the Participant to the
          Corporation.

          For those shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted
          Stock Units which have a deposit requirement, subject
          to the provisions of this Section 11, a Participant
          will be eligible to vest only in those shares of
          Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units for which
          Deposit Shares are on deposit with the Corporation as
          of the date the Participant's employment with the
          Corporation terminates.

          (i)  Early Retirement
               A Participant who takes early retirement (after
               age 55, but prior to age 65) during any
               applicable restricted period may elect either of
               the following alternatives with respect to
               Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units
               (unless any award provides otherwise):

               (a)  Leave Deposit Shares on deposit with the
                    Corporation and vest in all shares of
                    Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units,
                    effective as of the earlier of the date the
                    participant attains age 65 or the
                    termination date of the applicable
                    restricted period;

               (b)  Withdraw Deposit Shares and vest in a
                    proportionate number of shares of Restricted
                    Stock or Restricted Stock Units, effective
                    as of the date the Deposit Shares are
                    withdrawn.  Such proportionate vesting shall
                    be pro-rata, based on the number of full
                    months of employment completed during the
                    restricted period prior to the date of early
                    retirement, as a percentage of the
                    applicable restricted period.

          (ii) Retirement
               A Participant who retires on or after the date
               he or she attains age 65 shall fully vest in all
               shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock
               Units, effective as of the date of retirement
               (unless any such award specifically provides
               otherwise).

         (iii) Disability
               A Participant who becomes permanently disabled
               and unable to work (as determined by the
               Corporation's Director of Health and Human
               Services) during any applicable restricted
               period shall vest in a proportionate number of
               shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock
               Units, effective as of the date of disability.
               Such proportionate vesting shall be pro-rata,
               based on the number of full months of employment
               completed during the restricted period prior to
               the date of disability, as a percentage of the
               applicable restricted period.

          (iv) Death
               A Participant who dies during any applicable
               restricted period shall vest in a proportionate
               number of shares of Restricted Stock or
               Restricted Stock Units, effective as of the date
               of death.  Such proportionate vesting shall be
               pro-rata, based on the number of full months of
               employment completed during the restricted
               period prior to the date of death, as a
               percentage of the applicable restricted period.

           (v) Change of Control
               In the event of a Change of Control, a
               Participant shall vest in all shares of
               Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units,
               effective as of the date of such Change of
               Control.

          (vi) Termination for Convenience of the Corporation
               In the event a Participant's employment with the
               Corporation is terminated for the convenience of
               the Corporation during any applicable restricted
               period, the Committee, in its sole discretion,
               may vest such Participant in all or any portion
               of shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted
               Stock Units, effective as of the date of such
                termination.

       C. Non-Transferability
          Except as otherwise provided in Section 11, no shares
          of Restricted Stock and no Restricted Stock Units
          shall be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, or
          otherwise disposed of during the restricted period.

       D. Withholding Taxes
          Upon the vesting of Restricted Stock or Restricted
          Stock Units, the Participant shall deliver to the
          Corporation (or foreign subsidiary) cash in an amount
          equal to all federal, state, and local or foreign
          withholding taxes required to be collected by the
          Corporation (or foreign subsidiary), and the
          Corporation (or foreign subsidiary) may, in its
          discretion, retain all or a portion of the shares to
          be delivered until such payment is made.

          Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the number
          of shares to be issued equals or exceeds 500 and to
          the extent permitted by law and pursuant to such rules
          as the Committee may adopt, a Participant may
          authorize the Corporation to satisfy any such
          withholding requirement by directing the Corporation
          to withhold from any shares to be issued, such number
          of shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy the
          withholding obligation.


 12.   NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF STOCK OPTIONS AND
       PERFORMANCE UNITS

       No Stock Option or Performance Unit granted under this
       Plan shall be transferable by the optionee otherwise than
       by the optionee's Last Will and Testament or by the laws
       of descent and distribution, and such Stock Option shall
       be exercised and Performance Units withdrawn during the
       optionee's lifetime only by the optionee or his or her
       guardian or legal representative.

 13.   EXERCISE OF STOCK OPTIONS

       Except as provided in Sections 15, 18 and 19 (Change of
       Control, termination or death), each Stock Option may be
       exercised only:

           (i)  after 1 year of continued employment
                with the Corporation or a subsidiary (as defined
                in section 425(f) of the Code) immediately
                following the date the Stock Option is granted;

          (ii)  during the optionee's employment with the 
                Corporation or such subsidiary; and

         (iii)  in such cumulative annual installments as 
                determined by the Committee at the time of grant.

       Subject to the provisions of this Section 13, each Non-
       Qualified Stock Option may be exercised in whole or, from
       time to time, in part with respect to the number of then
       exercisable shares in any sequence desired by the
       optionee without regard to the date of grant of other
       Stock Options.

       An optionee exercising a Stock Option shall give notice
       to the Corporation of such exercise and of the number of
       shares elected to be purchased prior to 4:30 P.M. CST/CDT
       on the day of exercise, which must be a business day at
       the executive offices of the Corporation.  At the time of
       purchase, the optionee shall tender the full purchase
       price of the shares purchased.  Until such payment has
       been made and a certificate or certificates for the
       shares purchased has been issued in the optionee's name,
       the optionee shall possess no stockholder rights with
       respect to such shares.  Payment of such purchase price
       shall be made to the Corporation, subject to any
       applicable rule or regulation adopted by the Committee:

           (i)  in cash (including check, draft, money
                order or wire transfer made payable to the order
                of the Corporation);

          (ii)  through the delivery of shares of
                Common Stock owned by the optionee; or

         (iii)  by a combination of (i) and (ii) above.

       For determining the payment, Common Stock delivered
       pursuant to (ii) or (iii) shall have a value equal to the
       Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of
       exercise.


 14.   WITHHOLDING TAXES ON STOCK OPTION EXERCISE

       Each optionee shall deliver to the Corporation cash in an
       amount equal to all federal, state and local withholding
       taxes required to be collected by the Corporation in
       respect of the exercise of a Stock Option, and until such
       payment is made, the Corporation may, in its discretion,
       retain all or a portion of the shares to be issued.

       Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted by
       law and pursuant to such rules as the Committee may
       adopt, an optionee may authorize the Corporation to
       satisfy any such withholding requirement by directing the
       Corporation to withhold from any shares to be issued,
       such number of shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy
       the withholding obligation.


 15.   EXERCISE OF STOCK OPTIONS IN EVENT OF CERTAIN
       CHANGES OF CONTROL

       Each outstanding Stock Option shall become immediately
       and fully exercisable for a period of 6 months following
       the date of the following occurrences, each constituting
       a "Change of Control":

           (i)  if any person (including a group as defined
                in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange
                Act of 1934) becomes, directly or indirectly,
                the beneficial owner of 20% or more of
                the shares of the Corporation entitled to vote for the
                election of directors;

          (ii)  as a result of or in connection with any cash 
                tender offer, exchange offer, merger or
                other business combination, sale of assets or
                contested election, or combination of the
                foregoing, the persons who were Directors of the
                Corporation just prior to such event cease to
                constitute a majority of the Corporation's Board
                of Directors; or

         (iii)  the stockholders of the Corporation approve an 
                agreement providing for a transaction in which 
                the Corporation will cease to be an independent 
                publicly-owned corporation or a sale or other 
                disposition of all or substantially all of the 
                assets of the Corporation occurs.

       After such 6 month period the normal option exercise
       provisions of the Plan shall govern.  In the event an
       optionee is terminated as an employee of the Corporation
       or a subsidiary within 2 years of any of the events
       specified in (i), (ii) or (iii), all outstanding Stock
       Options at that date of termination shall become
       immediately exercisable for a period of 3 months.

       With respect to Stock Option grants outstanding as of the
       date of any such Change of Control which require the
       deposit of optionee-owned Common Stock as a condition to
       obtaining rights: (a) said deposit requirement shall be
       terminated as of the date of the Change of Control and
       any such deposited stock shall be promptly returned to
       the optionee; and (b) any restrictions on the sale of
       shares issued in respect of any such Stock Option shall
       lapse.


 16.   WITHDRAWAL OF PERFORMANCE UNITS

       Performance Units (plus accrued interest) may be
       withdrawn only after the completion of the Performance
       Period, except as described in Section 10, and provided
       the optionee has remained in the employment of the
       Corporation during said Performance Period, except as
       provided in Sections 18 and 19 (termination or death).
       An optionee may subsequently withdraw Performance Units,
       without regard to the date of the grant of the
       Performance Units.  Withdrawals must be made in whole
       units, including accrued interest.

       To withdraw Performance Units, the optionee shall give
       notice to the Corporation.  Upon receipt of such notice,
       the Committee shall determine whether the withdrawal is
       to be paid in cash or by the delivery of Common Stock
       with a Fair Market Value on the date of withdrawal equal
       to the amount being withdrawn.


 17.   RELATIONSHIP OF PERFORMANCE UNITS AND NON-QUALIFIED
       STOCK OPTIONS

       Upon a withdrawal of Performance Units (including accrued
       interest), the corresponding Non-Qualified Stock Options
       shall terminate on a "one-for-one" basis.  Upon the
       exercise of Non-Qualified Stock Options, the optionee's
       corresponding Performance Unit Account shall be decreased
       on a "one-for-one" basis by the value of the Performance
       Units, including accrued interest, on the date of such
       exercise.  In the event Non-Qualified Stock Options are
       exercised prior to the completion of the Performance
       Period, the corresponding Performance Units shall not be
       valued and shall lapse on a "one-for-one" basis as of the
       date of such exercise.


 18.   TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR LEAVE OF ABSENCE OF AN
       OPTIONEE

        A.   Normal Termination
             If the optionee's employment by the Corporation or a
             subsidiary terminates for any reason other than as
             specified in subsections B, C, D or E, the optionee's
             Stock Options and right to withdraw Performance Units
             shall terminate 3 months after such termination, and
             all Performance Units granted but not valued at the
             termination of employment shall expire on that date.
             If the employment by the Corporation or a subsidiary
             of an optionee, other than an optionee subject to
             Section 16 of the 1934 Act, is terminated for the
             convenience of the Corporation, as determined by the
             Committee, and, at the time of termination the sum of
             the optionee's age and service with the Corporation
             equals or exceeds 70, the Committee, in its sole
             discretion, may permit any Stock Option previously
             granted to the optionee under the Plan to be
             exercised to the full extent that such Stock Option
             could have been exercised by such optionee
             immediately prior to the optionee's termination and
             may permit such Stock Option to remain exercisable
             until the earlier of (i) 5 years after the date of
             termination, or (ii) the expiration of the Stock
             Option in accordance with its original term.

        B.   Death
             If the termination of employment is due to the
             optionee's death, the Stock Options may be
             exercised or Performance Units withdrawn as
             provided in Section 19.

        C.   Retirement
             If the termination of employment is due to the
             optionee's retirement, the optionee may exercise a
             Stock Option, subject to the original term of the
             Stock Option, within 5 years after the date of
             retirement, including any Stock Option granted
             under the Plan within the 12 months preceding such
             retirement and, provided further, with respect to
             Stock Option grants which require the deposit by
             the optionee of optionee-owned Common Stock as a
             condition to obtaining rights, any restrictions on
             the sale of shares issued in respect of any such
             Stock Option shall lapse.  Performance Units
             granted but not valued at the date of retirement
             shall be valued at the end of the Performance
             Period as provided in Section 10 with such value
             being reduced by the percentage of the Performance
             Period not completed at the date of such
             retirement.  In the event of such retirement, the
             optionee may withdraw Performance Units within such
             time period as the corresponding Non-Qualified
             Stock Option could have been exercised after the
             optionee's retirement.

        D.   Spin-offs
             If the termination of employment is due to the
             cessation, transfer, or spin-off of a complete line
             of business of the Corporation, the Committee, in
             its sole discretion, may determine that all
             outstanding Stock Options granted more than 1 year
             prior to the date of such termination shall
             immediately become exercisable for a period of 2
             years after the date of such termination, subject
             to the provisions of Section 7.

        E.   Leave of Absence
             Unless the Committee shall otherwise determine, if
             an optionee is placed on an unpaid leave of
             absence, such optionee's Stock Options and right to
             withdraw Performance Units shall terminate at the
             expiration of 3 months from the inception of said
             leave of absence and all Performance Units granted,
             but not valued, at the inception of said leave of
             absence shall expire on such date.

             If an optionee is placed on an unpaid leave of
             absence, retires during such leave, and the
             Committee had decided not to terminate the
             optionee's right to exercise a Stock Option, right
             to withdraw Performance Units or the right to
             Performance Units granted, but not valued, at the
             date of the inception of said leave of absence,
             then such optionee may exercise a Stock Option or
             withdraw Performance Units in accordance with
             subsection C.  Performance Units granted but not
             valued at the date of such retirement shall be
             valued at the end of the Performance Period as
             provided in Section 10 with such value being
             reduced by the percentage of the Performance Period
             not completed at the date the optionee was placed
             on the unpaid leave of absence.


 19.   DEATH OF OPTIONEE

       If an optionee should die while employed by the
       Corporation or a subsidiary, any Stock Option previously
       granted to the optionee under this Plan may be exercised
       or Performance Units withdrawn by the person designated
       in such optionee's Last Will and Testament or, in the
       absence of such designation, by the optionee's estate, to
       the full extent that such Stock Option could have been
       exercised or Performance Units withdrawn by such optionee
       immediately prior to the optionee's death, provided that
       the Stock Option is exercised or corresponding
       Performance Units which have been valued are withdrawn
       within 2 years of the optionee's death.

       Performance Units granted but not valued at the date of
       the optionee's death shall be valued at the end of the
       applicable Performance Period with such value being
       reduced by the percentage of the Performance Period not
       completed at the date of death. Such amounts must be
       withdrawn within the later of (i) 2 years of the
       optionee's death or (ii) 3 months of such valuation.

       With respect to Stock Option grants which require the
       deposit by the optionee of optionee-owned Common Stock as
       a condition to obtaining rights, in the event an optionee
       should die while in the employment of the Corporation or
       a subsidiary, said Stock Options may be exercised as
       provided in the first paragraph of this Section, subject
       to the following special conditions:

           (i)  any restrictions on the sale of shares issued 
                in respect of any such Stock Option shall
                cease;

          (ii)  any optionee-owned Common Stock deposited by the 
                optionee pursuant to said grant shall be 
                promptly returned to the person designated in 
                such optionee's Last Will and Testament or, in 
                the absence of such designation, to the 
                optionee's estate, and all requirements 
                regarding deposit by the optionee shall be 
                terminated; and

         (iii)  the amount of the Stock Options deemed to be 
                exercisable immediately prior to the
                optionee's death shall be as follows:  (a) None,
                if the date of death is less than 1 year after
                the date of the grant; (b) 1/3, if the date of
                death is 1 year after the date of the grant; (c)
                2/3, if the date of death is 2 years after the
                date of the grant; and (d) total amount, if the
                date of death is 3 years after the date of the
                grant.


 20.   AMENDMENTS OF THE PLAN

       The Plan may be terminated, modified, or amended by the
       Board of Directors of the Corporation.

       The Committee may from time to time prescribe, amend and
       rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan.
       Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors, the
       Committee may at any time terminate, modify, or suspend
       the operation of the Plan, provided that no action shall
       be taken by the Board of Directors or Committee without
       the approval of the stockholders of the Corporation which
       would:

           (i)  materially increase the number of shares
                which may be issued under the Plan;

          (ii)  materially increase the benefits accruing
                to optionees and Participants under the Plan; or

         (iii)  materially modify the requirements as
                to eligibility for participating in the Plan.

       The Board of Directors shall have authority to cause the
       Corporation to take any action related to the Plan which
       may be required to comply with the provisions of the
       Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities
       Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
       regulations prescribed by the Securities and Exchange
       Commission.  Any such action shall be at the expense of
       the Corporation.

       No termination, modification, suspension, or amendment of
       the Plan shall alter or impair the rights of any optionee
       or Participant pursuant to a prior grant, without the
       consent of the optionee or Participant.


 21.   FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS

       The Committee may adopt, amend, and terminate such
       arrangements, not inconsistent with the intent of the
       Plan, as it may deem necessary or desirable to make
       available tax or other benefits of laws of any foreign
       jurisdiction, to key employees of the Corporation who are
       subject to such laws and who receive grants under the
       Plan.


 22.   DURATION OF THE PLAN

       Grants may be made under the Plan until July 1, 1994.


 23.   NOTICE

       All notices to the Corporation shall be in writing,
       effective as of actual receipt by the Corporation, and
       shall be sent to:

       General Mills, Inc.
       Number One General Mills Boulevard
       Minneapolis, Minnesota  55426
       Attention:  Corporate Compensation
       If by Telex:  170360 Gen Mills
       If by Facsimile:  (612) 540-4925


 24.   SECTION 16 OFFICERS

       With respect to persons subject to Section 16 of the 1934
       Act, transactions under the Plan are intended to comply
       with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3 or its
       successors under the 1934 Act.  To the extent any
       provision of the Plan or action by the Committee fails to
       so comply, it shall be deemed null and void, to the
       extent permitted by law and deemed advisable by the
       Committee.



Adopted by the Board of Directors on July 25, 1988
Adopted by the Shareholders on September 26, 1988
Effective as of September 26, 1988
As amended effective March 1, 1989
As amended effective April 23, 1990
As amended effective April 22, 1991
As amended effective June 1, 1992
As amended effective September 20, 1993
As amended effective June 27, 1994







</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.2
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK OPTION & L-T INCENTIVE PLAN 1984
<TEXT>


                                                 EXHIBIT 10.2


                       GENERAL MILLS, INC.

        STOCK OPTION AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN OF 1984

               As Amended Through June 27, 1994
                                
                                

                       GENERAL MILLS, INC.

  STOCK OPTION AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN OF 1984, AS AMENDED


 1.   ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

      The Stock Option and Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1984 (the
      "Plan") shall be administered by the Compensation Committee
      (the "Committee") as from time to time appointed by the
      Board of Directors (the "Board") from members of the Board
      in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation of
      General Mills, Inc. (the "Corporation").  Subject to such
      authority being granted to the Committee by the Board, the
      Committee shall have full power and authority in the name of
      and on behalf of the Corporation to construe and interpret
      the Plan and the terms and conditions thereof, and to adopt
      such rules and regulations for carrying out the purpose of
      the Plan as it deems appropriate.  Decisions of the Board
      and/or Committee shall be final, conclusive and binding upon
      all parties, including the Corporation, the stockholders and
      the optionees.


 2.   PURPOSE OF THE PLAN

      The purpose of this Plan is to attract and retain strong
      management employees by rewarding certain officers and key
      employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries who are
      primarily responsible for the management, growth and sound
      development of the business of the Corporation.


 3.   COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

      The shares of Common Stock to be issued upon the exercise of
      a Stock Option shall be made available at the discretion of
      the Board (or as such discretion may be delegated to the
      Committee) from the authorized but unissued Common Stock of
      the Corporation, from shares of Common Stock held in the
      treasury of the Corporation, or from shares purchased on the
      open market or otherwise.

      Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding paragraph,
      the aggregate number of shares for which Stock Options may
      be granted under this Plan shall not exceed 2,000,000
      shares, the aggregate number of shares for which Stock
      Options may be granted in each fiscal year of the
      Corporation under this Plan shall not exceed 750,000 shares,
      and the aggregate number of shares for which Stock Options
      may be granted to any one employee under this Plan shall not
      exceed 36,000 shares in any fiscal year nor exceed 90,000
      shares in total.  If, prior to September 30, 1988, a Stock
      Option granted under this Plan shall have terminated without
      having been exercised in full (except where Non-Qualified
      Stock Options are terminated as a result of a withdrawal
      from an optionee's Performance Unit Account), the
      unpurchased shares shall (unless this Plan shall have
      terminated) become available for Stock Options to other
      employees.  No Stock Options may be granted under the Plan
      after September 30, 1988.

      The number of shares for which Stock Options may be granted
      (in the aggregate, in any fiscal year, and as to any
      individual), the number of shares subject to outstanding
      Stock Options, and the price per share to be paid upon the
      exercise of outstanding Stock Options shall be appropriately
      adjusted by the Committee in the event that (i) the number
      of outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Corporation
      shall be changed by reason of split-ups, combinations or
      reclassifications of shares, or (ii) any stock dividends are
      distributed to the holders of Common Stock of the
      Corporation, or (iii) the Common Stock of the Corporation is
      converted into or exchanged for other shares as a result of
      any merger or consolidation (including a sale of assets) or
      other recapitalization.


 4.   STOCK OPTION PRICE

      The purchase price under each Stock Option shall be
      determined by the Committee, but shall not be less than one
      hundred percent of the fair market value of the shares of
      Common Stock of the Corporation subject to such Stock Option
      on the date the Stock Option is granted.  The fair market
      value shall be determined in accordance with procedures
      established by the Committee.


 5.   STOCK OPTION TERM AND TYPE

      Stock Options may be granted for such terms as may be
      determined by the Committee, but must expire no later than
      the date the optionee leaves the employment of the
      Corporation, subject to the provisions of Sections 14 and 15
      hereof; provided, that Stock Options may not be granted for
      a term exceeding ten (10) years and one (1) month.

      The Committee shall determine whether stock option grants
      will be Non-Qualified Stock Options governed by Section 83
      of the Internal Revenue Code or Incentive Stock Options
      governed by Section 422A of the Internal Revenue Code.


 6.   INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS

      No optionee may be granted an Incentive Stock Option in any
      calendar year to purchase more than $100,000 of stock of the
      Corporation (determined by the fair market value of the
      Corporation's Common Stock on the date of grant) provided,
      that one-half of any unused portion of such amount may be
      carried over for Incentive Stock Option grants to such
      participant in any of the three succeeding years.


 7.   PERFORMANCE UNITS

      At the time of the granting of Non-Qualified Stock Options,
      the Corporation may grant corresponding Performance Units to
      the optionee, up to a number of Performance Units equal to
      the number of shares covered by the option.

      In each fiscal year of the Corporation in which Performance
      Units may be granted, the Committee shall establish goals
      for (i) the compound growth in earnings per share ("EPS")
      for the Corporation over three fiscal years (the
      "Performance Period"), and (ii) the after-tax return on
      average stockholder equity ("ROE") for the Corporation for
      the final fiscal year of the Performance Period.  The
      Committee shall specify the Performance Unit values to be
      earned at various actual rates of EPS growth and ROE.  "EPS"
      shall mean the Corporation's earnings from continuing
      operations per common share and common share equivalent
      (before extraordinary items) as reported in the
      Corporation's financial statements included in the
      Corporation's annual report for the final fiscal year of the
      Performance Period.  The compound growth rate in EPS shall
      be calculated by comparing the EPS for the final fiscal year
      of the Performance Period and the EPS for the fiscal year
      immediately preceding the Performance Period.  "ROE" shall
      mean the Corporation's after-tax earnings, divided by its
      average equity, which is the sum of beginning and ending
      total stockholders' equity for such fiscal year divided by
      two.  EPS and ROE shall be subject to such adjustments as
      may be determined by the Committee.  An optionee shall have
      no vested right to the value of a Performance Unit until the
      end of the Performance Period.

      A Performance Unit Account shall be established for each
      optionee for each fiscal year in which Performance Unit
      grants are made under the Plan.  The value of the
      Performance Units when determined shall be credited to the
      optionee's Performance Unit Account, and such amount shall
      thereafter earn interest at an annual rate determined by the
      Committee; provided, that such interest rate shall not
      exceed two-thirds of the Corporation's return on average
      capital structure, defined as earnings after-tax plus after-
      tax interest expense, divided by average capital structure.
      "Average capital structure" is the sum of beginning and
      ending stockholders' equity and interest bearing
      obligations, both current and long-term, divided by two.
      The optionee's Performance Unit Account shall be credited
      with such interest at the end of each fiscal quarter of the
      Corporation until (i) the amounts in the Performance Unit
      Account are withdrawn by the optionee, or (ii) the
      corresponding Non-Qualified Stock Options have been
      exercised, and the value of such exercise (in accordance
      with Section 13 hereof) has equaled or exceeded the amount
      in the optionee's Performance Unit Account; provided, that
      no interest shall be paid beyond the term of the
      corresponding Non-Qualified Stock Option.

      Performance Units may be granted for fiscal years commencing
      May 28, 1984, and thereafter until September 30, 1988.
      Accruals of the Performance Units (but not the accumulating
      interest) shall be charged annually against the
      Corporation's profit sharing fund established in accordance
      with the resolution approved by the shareholders in 1933, as
      amended in 1953 and 1968.


 8.   ELIGIBILITY OF OPTIONEES

      Only persons who are officers or key employees of the
      Corporation or a subsidiary shall be eligible to receive
      Stock Options and Performance Units under this Plan.
      Directors who are also active employees are eligible.
      Neither the members of the Committee nor any member of the
      Board who is not an active employee shall be eligible to
      receive Stock Options or Performance Units under this Plan.

      Subject to the terms, limitations, provisions and conditions
      of the Plan, the Committee shall: (i) select the employees
      to be granted Stock Options; (ii) determine whether Stock
      Option grants will be Non-Qualified Stock Options or
      Incentive Stock Options; (iii) determine the number of
      shares covered by each Stock Option, subject to the limit on
      the number of shares specified in Section 3 hereof that may
      be granted to any one person; (iv) determine whether
      Performance Units shall be granted with a Non-Qualified
      Stock Option; (v) determine the time or times when Stock
      Option grants will be made; (vi) determine the option price
      of the shares subject to each Stock Option; (vii) determine
      the time when each Stock Option may be exercised;
      (viii) determine whether any of the shares issued in respect
      of any Stock Option are to be restricted in any manner;
      (ix) determine if any corresponding deposit of stock is
      required, specifying the terms and conditions of such
      deposit and any forfeiture of rights in the event of failure
      to make or maintain such deposit; and (x) prescribe the
      form, which shall be consistent with this Plan, of the
      instruments evidencing any Stock Option or Performance Unit
      granted under this Plan.


 9.   NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF STOCK OPTIONS AND PERFORMANCE
      UNITS

      No Stock Option or Performance Unit granted under this Plan
      shall be transferable by the optionee otherwise than by the
      optionee's Last Will and Testament or by the laws of descent
      and distribution, and such Stock Option shall be exercised
      and amounts in the Performance Unit Account withdrawn during
      the optionee's lifetime only by the optionee.


 10.  EXERCISE OF STOCK OPTIONS

      Except as provided in Sections 14, and 15, each Stock Option
      granted under this Plan may be exercised only after one year
      of continued employment with the Corporation or a subsidiary
      (as defined in section 425(f) of the Internal Revenue Code)
      immediately following the date the Stock Option is granted
      and only during the continuance of the optionee's employment
      with the Corporation or such subsidiary, and may be
      exercised, subject to such overall limitations, only in such
      annual installments, which shall be cumulative, as may be
      determined by the Committee at the time of grant.

      Subject to the provision of this Section 10, each Non-
      Qualified Stock Option may be exercised in whole or, from
      time to time, in part with respect to the number of shares
      as to which it is then exercisable in any sequence desired
      by the optionee without regard to the date of grant of other
      Stock Options.  No Incentive Stock Option shall be
      exercisable by the optionee while there is outstanding,
      within the meaning of section 422A(c)(7) of the Internal
      Revenue Code, any Incentive Stock Option previously granted
      to such optionee to purchase stock in the Corporation.

      A person exercising a Stock Option shall give written notice
      to the Corporation at its main executive offices of such
      exercise and of the number of shares the optionee has
      elected to purchase, and shall at the time of purchase
      tender the full purchase price of the shares the optionee
      has elected to purchase.  Until the optionee has made such
      payment and has had issued in the optionee's name a
      certificate or certificates for the shares so purchased, the
      optionee shall possess no stockholder rights with respect to
      any such shares.

      Subject to any applicable rule or regulation adopted by the
      Committee, payment of such purchase price shall be made to
      the Corporation (i) in cash (including check, draft or money
      order made payable to the order of the Corporation); (ii)
      through the delivery of shares of Common Stock owned by the
      optionee; or (iii) by a combination of (i) and (ii) above.
      The Common Stock so delivered shall have a value for
      determining payment equal to the mean of the high and low
      price of shares of the Common Stock on the New York Stock
      Exchange on the date of exercise.

      Upon the exercise of a Stock Option, the Corporation may, in
      its discretion, retain all or a portion of the shares until
      such time as the optionee delivers cash, a check, or a draft
      or money order to the Corporation in an amount equal to all
      Federal or State withholding taxes required to be collected
      by the Corporation.

      Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted by
      law and pursuant to such rules as the Committee may adopt,
      an optionee may authorize the Corporation to satisfy any
      such withholding requirement by directing the Corporation to
      withhold from any shares to be issued, such number of shares
      as shall be sufficient to satisfy the withholding
      obligation.


 11.  EXERCISE OF STOCK OPTIONS IN CERTAIN EVENTS

      Each outstanding Stock Option shall, except as provided in
      the following clauses, become immediately and fully
      exercisable if (i) any person (including a group as defined
      in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
      becomes, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of
      twenty percent (20%) or more of the shares of the
      Corporation entitled to vote for the election of directors;
      (ii) as a result of or in connection with any cash tender
      offer, exchange offer, merger or other business combination,
      sale of assets or contested election, or combination of the
      foregoing, the persons who were directors of the Corporation
      just prior to such event shall cease to constitute a
      majority of the Corporation's Board of Directors; or
      (iii) the stockholders of the Corporation approve an
      agreement providing for a transaction in which the
      Corporation will cease to be an independent publicly-owned
      corporation or a sale or other disposition of all or
      substantially all of the assets of the Corporation occurs.

      If any of the foregoing events specified in clauses (i),
      (ii), or (iii) above occur, each outstanding Stock Option
      shall be exercisable in full for a period of six months
      following the date of occurrence of such event, and after
      such period the normal provisions of the Plan pertaining to
      vesting of Stock Options shall govern, or in the event any
      optionee is terminated as an employee of the Corporation or
      a subsidiary within two years of any of the events specified
      in the foregoing clauses, any outstanding Stock Options at
      the date of termination shall immediately vest and become
      exercisable for a period of three months, provided, however,
      that no Stock Option may become exercisable as a result of
      such acceleration within one year of the date of its grant.


 12.  WITHDRAWAL OF AMOUNTS IN PERFORMANCE UNIT ACCOUNTS

      The amount in an optionee's Performance Unit Account (plus
      accrued interest) may be withdrawn only after the completion
      of the Performance Period, provided the optionee has
      remained in the employment of the Corporation for such time
      period except as provided in Sections 14 and 15 hereof.

      An optionee may thereafter withdraw amounts, which shall be
      paid in cash, from the optionee's Performance Unit Account,
      without regard to the date of the grant of the Performance
      Units.  An optionee withdrawing an amount from a Performance
      Unit Account shall give written notice of such intent to
      withdraw to the Corporation at its main executive offices.

      For withdrawals related to Stock Options granted before 
      July 27, 1987, an optionee may give notice of a withdrawal 
      only during a period commencing with the beginning of the 
      third business day following the date of release by the
      Corporation of quarterly or annual summary statements of
      sales and earnings, and ending on the close of business on
      the twelfth business day following such date.

      For withdrawals related to Stock Options granted on or after
      July 27, 1987 or withdrawals made pursuant to Sections 14
      and 15, an optionee may give notice of a withdrawal on any
      business day of the executive offices of the Corporation.

      Subject to the approval of the Committee and any applicable
      rule or regulation adopted by the Committee, an optionee may
      elect to defer receipt until January 4, 1988 of any and all
      cash withdrawals from his Performance Unit Account which the
      optionee may make during calendar year 1987 in accordance
      with the preceding paragraph by executing and filing a
      deferred distribution agreement (in the form as provided by
      the Corporation) with the Corporation.  No further interest
      on any such unpaid amounts shall accrue after the date of
      receipt by the Corporation of the notice of an intended
      withdrawal in accordance with the second paragraph of this
      Section 12.

      If a withdrawal from an optionee's Performance Unit Account
      relating to Performance Units granted prior to July 27, 1987
      results in less than twenty percent (20%) of the original
      number of such optionee's corresponding Non-Qualified Stock
      Options remaining outstanding, such optionee shall be
      required to withdraw at the same time the full amount in his
      Performance Unit Account, including accrued interest,
      corresponding to such Non-Qualified Stock Options.


 13.  PERFORMANCE UNITS AND CORRESPONDING NON-QUALIFIED STOCK
      OPTIONS

      Upon a withdrawal from an optionee's Performance Unit
      Account, the corresponding Non-Qualified Stock Options shall
      terminate as to a number of shares of which the "appreciated
      value" is equal to the amount withdrawn from the Performance
      Unit Account.  In the event the "appreciated value" equals a
      fractional number of shares, the corresponding Non-Qualified
      Stock Options shall terminate as to the next lower whole
      number of shares.  "Appreciated value" means the excess of
      the fair market value of the Common Stock over the option
      price.

      Upon the exercise of a Non-Qualified Stock Option, the
      optionee's corresponding Performance Unit Account shall be
      decreased by the "appreciated value" on the date of such
      exercise.  However, neither of the preceding conditions
      relating to the withdrawal from a Performance Unit Account
      nor the exercise of a Non-Qualified Stock Option shall be a
      limit to such withdrawal or exercise in the event either
      exceeds the value of the other.

      In the event a Non-Qualified Stock Option is exercised prior
      to the completion of the Performance Period, the amount of
      the "appreciated value" for the options exercised shall be
      deducted at the end of the Performance Period from the
      optionee's Performance Unit Account.

      For Performance Units granted on or after July 27, 1987,
      upon a withdrawal from an optionee's Performance Unit
      Account consisting of any or all such Performance Units and
      accrued interest thereon, the corresponding Non-Qualified
      Stock Options shall terminate on a "one-for-one" basis.
      Upon the exercise of Non-Qualified Stock Options granted on
      or after July 27, 1987, the optionee's corresponding
      Performance Unit Account shall be decreased on a
      "one-for-one" basis by the value of the Performance Units,
      including accrued interest, on the date of such exercise.
      In the event Non-Qualified Stock Options granted on or after
      July 27, 1987 are exercised prior to the completion of the
      Performance Period, the corresponding Performance Units
      shall not be valued and shall lapse on a "one-for-one" basis
      as of the date of such exercise.


 14.  TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

      If an optionee ceases to be an employee of the Corporation
      or a subsidiary, the optionee's Stock Options and right to
      withdraw amounts in the Performance Unit Account shall
      terminate after three (3) months, and all Performance Units
      granted but not valued at the termination of employment
      shall expire on the date of termination; provided that if
      the optionee's employment with the Corporation or a
      subsidiary, other than the employment of an optionee subject
      to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, is
      terminated for the convenience of the Corporation, as
      determined by the Committee, and, at the time of termination
      the sum of the optionee's age and service with the
      Corporation equals or exceeds 70, the Committee, in its sole
      discretion, may permit any Stock Option previously granted
      to any such optionee under the Plan to be exercised to the
      full extent that such Stock Option could have been exercised
      by such optionee immediately prior to the optionee's
      termination and may permit such Stock Option to remain
      exercisable until the earlier of (i) five years after the
      date of termination or (ii) the expiration of the Stock
      Option in accordance with its original term.
      Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) if the cessation of
      employment is due to the optionee's death, the Stock Options
      may be exercised or amounts in the Performance Unit Account
      withdrawn to the extent and in the manner provided in
      Section 15; (ii) if the cessation of employment is due to
      the optionee's retirement with the consent of the
      Corporation, the optionee may exercise a Stock Option
      subject to the original term of the Stock Option, within
      five years after the optionee shall so cease to be an
      employee, including any Stock Option granted under the Plan
      within the twelve (12) months preceding such retirement and,
      provided further, with respect to Stock Option grants which
      require the deposit by the optionee of optionee owned
      Corporate Common Stock as a condition to obtaining rights,
      any restrictions on the sale of shares issued in respect of
      any such Stock Option shall cease; and (iii) if the
      cessation of employment occurs within a twelve-month period
      from the date a Stock Option was vested in the optionee by
      the Committee at the date of grant for purposes of this
      subsection, and is due to termination of the optionee's
      employment by the Corporation after a change of control as
      described in Section 11 hereof, any Stock Option which was
      so vested shall become exercisable one year after the date
      of grant for a period of three months and, provided further,
      that with respect to Stock Option grants which require the
      deposit by the optionee of optionee owned Corporation Common
      Stock as a condition to obtaining rights, (a) said deposit
      requirement shall be terminated as of the date of cessation
      of employment and any such deposited stock shall be promptly
      returned to the optionee, (b) the total amount of the grant
      not previously forfeited or exercised shall be exercisable
      as set forth in this subsection (iii), and (c) any
      restrictions on the sale of shares issued in respect of any
      such Stock Option shall cease.  Performance Units granted
      but not valued at the date of such retirement shall be
      valued at the end of the Performance Period as provided in
      Section 7.  Such Performance Units may then be withdrawn in
      a proportionate amount equal to the percentage of the
      Performance Period completed to the date of such retirement.
      In the event of such a retirement, the optionee may withdraw
      amounts in the Performance Unit Account within such time
      period as the corresponding Non-Qualified Stock Option could
      have been exercised after the optionee's retirement.

      If an optionee ceases to be an employee of the Corporation
      or a subsidiary and the cessation of employment is due to
      the cessation, transfer, or spin-off of a complete line of
      business of the Corporation, the Committee, in its sole
      discretion, may determine that (i) outstanding Stock Options
      of such optionee shall immediately vest and become
      exercisable, provided that no Stock Options may become
      exercisable as a result of such acceleration within one year
      of the date of grant; and (ii) the optionee may exercise a
      Stock Option, subject to the original term of the Stock
      Option, within two years after such optionee shall cease to
      be an employee.

      In the event an optionee is placed on an unpaid leave of
      absence, such optionee's Stock Option and right to withdraw
      amounts in the Performance Unit Account shall terminate,
      unless the Committee shall otherwise determine, at the
      expiration of three (3) months from the inception of the
      said leave of absence and all Performance Units granted but
      not valued at the inception of said leave of absence shall
      expire on such date.

      In the event an optionee is placed on an unpaid leave of
      absence and retires with the consent of the Corporation
      during such leave, and the Committee has determined not to
      terminate, in accordance with the preceding paragraph, the
      optionee's right to exercise a Stock Option, right to
      withdraw amounts in the Performance Unit Account, or the
      right to Performance Units granted but not valued at the
      date of the inception of said leave of absence, such
      optionee may exercise a Stock Option, subject to the
      original term of the Stock Option, within five years after
      the date of such retirement, including any Stock Option
      granted under the Plan within the twelve (12) months
      preceding such retirement, or withdraw amounts in the
      Performance Unit Account within such time period as the
      corresponding Stock Option could have been exercised after
      the optionee's retirement.  Performance Units granted but
      not valued at the date of such retirement shall be valued at
      the end of the Performance Period as provided in Section 7.
      Such Performance Units may then be withdrawn in a
      proportionate amount equal to the percentage of the
      Performance Period completed to the date the optionee was
      placed on the unpaid leave of absence.

      Any question as to whether and when there has been a
      cessation of employment or a retirement with the consent of
      the Corporation shall be determined by the Committee, and
      its determination of such questions shall be final.


 15.  DEATH OF OPTIONEE

      If an optionee should die while in the employment of the
      Corporation or a subsidiary, any Stock Option theretofore
      granted to the optionee under this Plan may be exercised or
      amounts in the Performance Unit Account withdrawn by the
      person designated in such optionee's Last Will and Testament
      or, in the absence of such designation, by the optionee's
      estate, to the full extent that such Stock Option could have
      been exercised or amounts in the Performance Unit Account
      withdrawn by such optionee immediately prior to the
      optionee's death, provided the Stock Option is so exercised
      within two years of the optionee's death, and the amounts in
      the Performance Unit Account are withdrawn within three (3)
      months of the optionee's death.

      Performance Units granted but not valued at the date of the
      optionee's death shall be valued at the end of the
      Performance Period as provided in Section 7.  Such
      Performance Units may then be withdrawn in a proportionate
      amount equal to the percentage of the Performance Period
      completed to the date of the optionee's death.  Such amounts
      must be withdrawn by the designated person or estate from
      the Performance Unit Account within three (3) months of such
      valuation.

      With respect to Stock Option grants which require the
      deposit by the optionee of optionee owned Corporation Common
      Stock as a condition to obtaining rights, in the event an
      optionee should die while in the employment of the
      Corporation or a subsidiary, said Stock Options may be
      exercised as provided in the first paragraph of this Section
      15, subject to the following special conditions:  (i) any
      restrictions on the sale of shares issued in respect of any
      such Stock Option shall cease, (ii) any optionee owned
      Corporation Common Stock deposited by the optionee pursuant
      to said grant shall be promptly returned to the person
      designated in such optionee's Last Will and Testament or, in
      the absence of such designation, to the optionee's estate,
      and all requirements regarding deposit by the optionee shall
      be terminated, and (iii) the amounts of the Stock deemed to
      be exercisable immediately prior to the optionee's death
      shall be as follows:  (a) zero, if the date of death is less
      than one year after the date of the grant; (b) one-third, if
      the date of death is one year after the date of the grant;
      (c) two-thirds, if the date of death is two years after the
      date of the grant; and (d) total amount, if the date of
      death is three years after the date of the grant.


 16.  AMENDMENTS TO PLAN

      The Committee may from time to time prescribe, amend and
      rescind rules and regulations relating to the Plan and,
      subject to the approval of the Board, may at any time
      terminate, modify or suspend the operation of the Plan;
      provided that no such modification shall, without the
      approval of the stockholders:

       (i)  increase the maximum number of shares as to
            which Stock Options may be granted under this Plan
            either in the aggregate, for any fiscal year or to
            any one person, except as permitted by Section 3;

      (ii)  permit the granting of any Stock Option under
            this Plan at a purchase price less than one hundred
            percent of the fair market value (determined as
            provided in Section 4) of the shares of common stock
            subject to such Stock Option at the date of the
            grant;

     (iii)  shorten the period which must elapse between the 
            granting of a Stock Option and the first
            accrual of rights to exercise such Stock Option;

      (iv)  permit the exercise of a Stock Option unless
            full payment for the shares as to which the Stock
            Option is exercised is made at the time of exercise;

       (v)  extend the term of a Stock Option after the grant 
            of such Stock Option; or

      (vi)  expand the class of employees eligible to receive 
            Stock Options.

      The Board of Directors shall have authority to cause the
      Corporation at its expense to take any action related to the
      Plan which may be required to comply with the provisions of
      the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities
      Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and
      regulations prescribed by the Securities and Exchange
      Commission.


 17.  EFFECTIVE DATE

      This Plan shall become effective as of October 1, 1983,
      subject to the approval of the shareholders of the
      Corporation at the Annual Meeting on September 26, 1983, and
      shall expire (unless terminated earlier) as of September 30,
      1988.


 18.  SECTION 16 OFFICERS

      With respect to persons subject to Section 16 of the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934 ("1934 Act"), transactions
      under the Plan are intended to comply with all applicable
      conditions of Rule 16b-3 or its successors under the 1934
      Act.  To the extent any provision of the Plan or action by
      the Committee fails to so comply, it shall be deemed null
      and void, to the extent permitted by law and deemed
      advisable by the Committee.



Adopted by the shareholders on September 26, 1983
Amended June 25, 1984, July 22, 1985, October 28, 1985, June 23,
1986, February 23, 1987, March 1, 1987, July 27, 1987, December 14,
1987, and July 25, 1988, June 1, 1992 and June 27, 1994





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.5
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>MANAGEMENT CONTINUITY AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                                                EXHIBIT 10.5



                MANAGEMENT CONTINUITY AGREEMENT


   THIS MANAGEMENT CONTINUITY AGREEMENT, previously referred to
as an "Executive Protection Agreement" (the "Agreement")
between General Mills, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the
"Corporation"), and <name of officer> (the "Executive"),
originally entered into as of June 24, 1986 (the "date hereof")
is hereby amended as of April 24, 1989.

                          WITNESSETH:

   WHEREAS, the Corporation wishes to attract and retain well-
qualified executive and key personnel and to assure both itself
and the Executive of continuity of management in the event of
any Change of Control (as defined in Section 2) of the
Corporation;

   NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and mutual
covenants herein contained, it is hereby agreed by and between
the Corporation and the Executive as follows:

   1.  Operation of Agreement.  The "Effective Date" of this
Agreement shall be the date during the Contract Period (as
defined in Section 3) on which a Change of Control occurs.

   2.  Change of Control.  For the purpose of this Agreement, a
"Change of Control" shall mean an event during the Contract
Period required to be reported in response to Item 1(a) of the
Current Report on Form 8-K, as in effect on the date hereof,
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange
Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"); provided that, without
limitation, such a "Change of Control" shall be deemed to have
occurred if:  (i) a third person, including a "group" as
defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, becomes the
beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 20% or more of the
combined voting power of the Corporation's outstanding voting
securities ordinarily having the right to vote for the election
of directors of the Corporation; or (ii) individuals who
constitute the Board of Directors of the Corporation as of the
date hereof (the "Incumbent Board") cease for any reason to
constitute at least two-thirds thereof, provided that any
person becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose
election, or nomination for election by the Corporation's
stockholders, was approved by a vote of at least three-quarters
of the directors comprising the Incumbent Board shall be, for
purposes of this clause (ii), considered as though such persons
were a member of the Incumbent Board.

   3.  Contract Period.  The "Contract Period" is the period
commencing on the date hereof and ending on the earlier to
occur of (i) the second anniversary of such date, or (ii) the
first day of the month next following the Executive's 65th
birthday; provided, however, that commencing on the date one
year after the date hereof, and on each annual anniversary of
such date (the date one year after the date hereof, and each
annual anniversary of such date, is hereinafter referred to as
the "Renewal Date"), the Contract Period shall be automatically
extended so as to terminate on the earlier of (i) two years
from such Renewal Date or (ii) the first day of the month next
following the Executive's 65th birthday, unless at least 60
days prior to the Renewal Date the Corporation shall give
notice that the Contract Period shall not be so extended
subject however that any failure of the Corporation to extend
the Contract Period shall not limit or reduce in any manner the
rights and benefits of the Executive contained in this
Agreement if a Change of Control has occurred during a Contract
Period and, in such event, the rights and benefits of the
Executive shall continue in full force and effect
notwithstanding that a Contract Period may have ended.

   4.  Certain Definitions.

       (a) Cause.  The Executive's employment may be terminated
for Cause if a majority of the Board of Directors, after the
Executive shall have been afforded a reasonable opportunity to
appear in person before the Board of Directors and to present
such evidence as the Executive deems appropriate, determines
that Cause exists.  For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause"
means (i) an act or acts of fraud or misappropriation on the
Executive's part which result in or are intended to result in
his personal enrichment at the expense of the Corporation, (ii)
conviction of a felony, or (iii) a physical or mental
disability which materially interferes with the capacity of the
Executive in fulfilling his or her responsibilities and which
will qualify the Executive for disability benefits from a
company-sponsored plan.

       (b) Good Reason.  For purposes of this Agreement, "Good
Reason" means

          (i) without the express written consent of the
       Executive (A) the assignment to the Executive of any
       duties inconsistent in any substantial respect with the
       Executive's position, authority or responsibilities as
       in effect during the 90-day period immediately
       preceding the Effective Date of this Agreement, or (B)
       any other substantial adverse change in such position
       (including titles), authority, or responsibilities;

         (ii) any failure by the Corporation to furnish the
       Executive with compensation and benefits at a level
       equal to or exceeding those received by the Executive
       from the Corporation during the 90-day period preceding
       the Effective Date of this Agreement, including a
       failure by the Corporation to maintain its policy of
       paying retirement and supplemental savings plan
       benefits which would be payable under the General Mills
       Retirement Plan but for the limits imposed by the
       Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as may
       be amended ("ERISA"), other than an insubstantial and
       inadvertent failure remedied by the Corporation
       promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the
       Executive;

        (iii) the Corporation's requiring the Executive to be
       based or to perform services at any office or location
       other than that at which the Executive is based at the
       Effective Date of this Agreement, except for travel
       reasonably required in the performance of the
       Executive's responsibilities;

         (iv) any failure by the Corporation to obtain the
       assumption and agreement to perform this Agreement by a
       successor as contemplated by Section 10(b); or

          (v) any failure by the Corporation to deposit
       amounts which may become payable to the Executive to
       the Trustee as contemplated by Section 8.

   For purposes of this Section 4(b), any determination of
"Good Reason" made by the Executive shall be conclusive.

       (c) Notice of Termination.  Any termination by the
Corporation for Cause or by the Executive for Good Reason or
otherwise shall be communicated by Notice of Termination to the
other party hereto given in accordance with Section 10(b).  For
purposes of this Agreement, a "Notice of Termination" means a
written notice which (i) indicates the specific termination
provision in this Agreement relief upon, (ii) sets forth in
reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to
provide a basis for termination of the Executive's employment
under the provision so indicated (provided, however, that any
Notice of Termination given by (i) the Executive at least six
months but no more than two years after the Effective Date, or
(ii) by the Corporation more than two years after the Effective
Date, need not set forth any such basis for termination) and
(iii) if the termination date is other than the date of receipt
of such notice, specifies the termination date (which date
shall be not more than 15 days after the giving of such
notice).

       (d) Date of Termination.  "Date of Termination" means
the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination or any later
date specified therein, as the case may be.

   5.  Obligations of the Corporation upon Termination.

       (a) Good Reason and other than for Cause Subject to the
limitations of Section 5(c), if:

          (i) within two years after the Effective Date of
       this Agreement, the Corporation shall terminate the
       Executive's employment for any reason other than for
       Cause; or

         (ii) at least six months but no more than two years
       after the Effective Date of this Agreement, the
       Executive shall terminate employment for any reason in
       his sole discretion; or

        (iii) within two years after the Effective Date of
       this Agreement, the Executive shall terminate his
       employment for Good Reason:

            (I)     the Corporation shall pay to the
          Executive in a lump sum in cash within 20
          days after the Date of Termination the
          aggregate of the amounts determined
          pursuant to the following clauses (A), (B)
          and (C) inclusive plus the continuation of
          the benefits specified in Clause (D), as
          follows:

            (A)  if not theretofore paid, the
            Executive's Base Salary through the
            Date of Termination at the rate in
            effect at the time the Notice of
            Termination was given, plus a bonus,
            determined in accordance with the
            provisions of the following clause
            (B)(ii), for that fraction of the
            fiscal year completed as of the date
            the Notice of Termination was given;
            and

            (B)  three times the sum of (i) the
            Executive's annual base salary at the
            rate in effect at the time the Notice
            of Termination was given and (ii) an
            amount equal to the highest bonus paid
            to the Executive in any of the
            preceding three fiscal years; and

            (C)  In the event that the Executive
            becomes entitled to any or all of the
            specified payments under clauses (A),
            (B) or (D) of this Section 5(a)(I) or
            under Section 5(b), if any of such
            payments or benefits will be subject to
            the tax imposed by section 4999 of the
            Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as may
            be amended (the "Code"), and/or any
            similar tax that may hereafter be
            imposed by the federal or any state or
            local government (the "Excise Tax"),
            the Corporation shall pay to the
            Executive, at the time of receipt of
            such payments or benefits, an
            additional amount (the "Gross-Up
            Payment") so that the net amount
            retained by the Executive, after
            deduction of any Excise Tax on the
            Total Payments (as hereinafter defined)
            and any federal, state and local income
            tax and Excise Tax upon the payment
            provided for by this clause, shall be
            equal to the Total Payments.

For purposes of determining whether any of such payments or
benefits will be subject to the Excise Tax and the amount of
such Excise Tax:

            (x)  Any other payments or benefits
            received or to be received by the
            Executive in connection with a Change
            of Control of the Corporation or the
            Executive's termination of employment
            (whether pursuant to the terms of this
            Agreement or any other plan, stock
            option, restricted stock, stock
            performance units, or any other
            benefits or arrangement or agreement
            with the Corporation, or any person
            whose actions result in a Change of
            Control of the Corporation, or any
            person affiliated with the Corporation
            or such person) (which together with
            the payments or benefits under Section
            5(a)I or Section 5(b) constitute the
            "Total Payments") shall be treated as
            "parachute payments" within the
            meaning of section 280G(b)(2) of the
            Code, and all "excess parachute
            payments" within the meaning of
            section 280G(b)(1) of the Code shall
            be treated as subject to the Excise
            Tax unless, in the opinion of tax
            counsel selected by the Corporation
            and reasonably acceptable to the
            Executive, such other payments or
            benefits (in whole or in part) do not
            constitute parachute payments, or such
            excess parachute payments (in whole or
            in part) represent reasonable
            compensation for services actually
            rendered within the meaning of section
            280G(b)(4) of the Code in excess of
            the base amount within the meaning of
            section 280G(b)(3) of the Code, or are
            otherwise not subject to the Excise
            Tax;

            (y)  The amount of the Total Payments
            which shall be treated as subject to
            the Excise Tax shall be equal to the
            lesser of (1) the total amount of the
            Total Payments, or (2) the amount of
            excess parachute payments within the
            meaning of section 280G(b)(1) (after
            applying subclause (x) above; and

            (z)  The value of any non-cash
            benefits or any deferred payment or
            benefit shall be determined by the
            Corporation's independent public
            accountants in accordance with the
            principles of sections 280G(d)(3) and
            (4) of the Code.

For purposes of determining the amount of the Gross-Up Payment,
the Executive shall be deemed to pay federal income taxes at
the highest marginal rate of federal income taxation in the
calendar year in which the Gross-Up Payment is to be made and
state and local income taxes at the highest marginal rate of
taxation in the state and locality of the Executive's residence
on the Date of Termination, net of the maximum reduction in
federal income taxes which could be obtained from deduction of
such state and local taxes.  In the event that the Excise Tax
is subsequently determined to be less than the amount taken
into account hereunder at the time of termination of the
Executive's employment, the Executive shall repay to the
Corporation at the time that the amount of such reduction in
Excise Tax is finally determined, the portion of the Gross-Up
Payment attributable to such reduction (plus the portion of the
Gross-Up Payment attributable to the Excise Tax and federal and
state and local income tax imposed on the Gross-Up Payment
being repaid by the Executive if such repayment results in a
reduction in Excise Tax and/or a federal and state and local
income tax deduction) plus interest on the amount of such
repayment at the rate provided in section 1274(b)(2)(B) of the
Code.  In the event that the Excise Tax is determined to exceed
the amount taken into account hereunder at the time of the
termination of the Executive's employment (including by reason
of any payment the existence or amount of which cannot be
determined at the time of the Gross-Up Payment), the
Corporation shall make an additional Gross-Up Payment in
respect of such excess (plus any interest payable with respect
to such excess) at the time that the amount of such excess is
finally determined.

            (D)  until the earlier to occur of (i)
            the date three years following the
            Date of Termination,or (ii) the first
            day of the first month next following
            the Executive's 65th birthday (the
            period of time from the Date of
            Termination until the earlier of (i)
            or (ii) is hereinafter referred to as
            the "Unexpired Period," the
            Corporation shall continue to provide
            all benefits which the Executive
            and/or his spouse is or would have
            been entitled to receive under all
            present and post-retirement medical,
            dental, vision, disability, executive
            life, group life, accidental death and
            other programs of the Corporation,
            including additional benefit service
            under the applicable General Mills
            retirement plan equal to the
            "Unexpired Period," in each case on a
            basis providing the Executive or his
            spouse with benefits at least equal to
            those provided by the Corporation for
            the Executive under such plans and
            programs in effect at any time during
            the 90-day period immediately
            preceding the Effective Date of this
            Agreement, subject that if an
            Executive is terminated under the
            provisions of Section 5(a) or Section
            5(b), and at the Date of Termination
            the Executive would not qualify for
            post-retirement benefits under the
            plans and programs then in effect
            during such 90-day period for the
            reason that the Executive has not
            reached his 55th birthday, the
            Executive shall nevertheless be
            entitled to such benefits equal to the
            benefits such Executive would have
            received if the Executive was of the
            age of 55 at the Date of Termination;
            and (ii) the Executive and/or his
            spouse, as the case may be, shall
            receive supplemental periodic payments
            equal to retirement and savings plan
            benefits which would be payable under
            the applicable General Mills
            retirement plan but for limits imposed
            by ERISA, calculated as if the
            Executive (a) had been employed to the
            end of the Unexpired Period; (b) had
            retired at the age he would have
            attained at the end of the Unexpired
            Period; and (c) had earnings to the
            end of the Unexpired Period at a rate
            equal to the rate of Executive's total
            compensation for the calendar year
            prior to the effective date of this
            Agreement.

       (b) By the Corporation more than two years after the
Effective Date.  If the Corporation shall terminate the
Executive's employment for any reason other than Cause at any
date which is more than two years after the Effective Date, the
Executive shall be entitled to receive the benefits specified
under Clauses (A), (B), (C) and (D) of Section 5(a)(I) except
that the words "three times" in Clause (B), "three years" and
"thirty-six" in Clause (B) shall be substituted by "one times",
"one year" and "twelve" respectively.

   6.  Non-exclusivity of Rights.  Nothing in this Agreement
shall prevent or limit the Executive's continuing or future
participation in any benefit, bonus, incentive deferred
compensation or other plan or program provided by the
Corporation or any of its affiliated companies and for which
the Executive may qualify, nor shall anything herein limit or
otherwise affect such rights as the Executive may have under
any employment, stock option, performance units or other
agreements with the Corporation or any of its affiliated
companies.  Amounts which are vested benefits or which the
Executive is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan or
program of the Corporation or any of its affiliated companies
at or subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be payable in
accordance with such plan or program.

   7.  Full Settlement.  The Corporation's obligation to make
the payments provided for in this Agreement and otherwise to
perform its obligations hereunder shall not be affected by any
circumstances, including, without limitation, any setoff,
counterclaim, recoupment, defense or other right which the
Corporation may have against the Executive or others or by any
amounts received by Executive from others.  In no event shall
the Executive be obligated to seek other employment by way of
mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of
the provisions of this Agreement.  The Corporation agrees to
pay, to the full extent permitted by law, all legal fees and
expenses which the Executive may reasonably incur as a result
of any contest (regardless of the outcome thereof) by the
Corporation or others of the validity or enforceability of, or
liability under any provision of this Agreement or any
guarantee of performance thereof, in each case plus interest,
compounded monthly, on the total unpaid amount determined to be
payable under this Agreement, such interest to be calculated on
the basis of the "Prime Rate" as reported in the WALL STREET
JOURNAL during the period of such nonpayment plus 5%.

   8.  Trustee.   The Corporation has established a
Supplemental Benefits Trust with Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A.
as Trustee to hold assets of the Corporation under certain
circumstances as a reserve for the discharge of the
Corporation's obligations under this Agreement and certain
plans of deferred compensation of the Corporation.  In the
event of a Change of Control as defined in Section 2 hereof,
the Corporation shall be obligated to immediately contribute
such amounts to the Trust as may be necessary to fully fund all
benefits payable under the Agreement.  Executives shall have
the right to demand and secure specific performance of this
provision.  All assets held in the Trust remain subject only to
the claims of the Corporation's general creditors whose claims
against the Corporation are not satisfied because of the
Corporation's bankruptcy or insolvency (as those terms are
defined in the Trust Agreement).  The Executive does not have
any preferred claim on, or beneficial ownership interest in,
any assets of the Trust before the assets are paid to the
Executive and all rights created under the Trust, as under this
Agreement, are unsecured contractual claims of the Executive
against the Corporation.

   In the event the funding of the Trust described in the
preceding paragraph does not occur, upon written demand by the
Executive given at any time after a Change of Control occurs,
the Corporation shall deposit in trust with an institutional
trustee (the "Trustee") designated by the Executive in such
demand amounts which may become payable to the Executive
pursuant to Section 5(a) or Section 5(b) with irrevocable
instructions to pay amounts to the Executive when due in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement.  All charges of
the Trustee shall be paid by the Corporation.  The Trustee
shall be entitled to rely conclusively on the Executive's
written statement as to the fact that payments are due under
this Agreement and the amount of such payments.  If the Trustee
is not notified that payments are due under this Agreement
within two years and 60 days after receipt of a deposit
hereunder, all amounts deposited with the Trustees and earnings
with respect thereto shall be delivered to the Corporation on
demand.

   9.  Successors.  (a) This Agreement is personal to the
Executive and without the prior written consent of the
Corporation shall not be assignable by the Executive otherwise
than by will or the laws of descent and distribution.  This
Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by
the Executive's legal representatives, heirs and legatees.

       (b)  This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be
binding upon the Corporation and its successors.  The
Corporation shall require any successor to all or substantially
all of the business and/or assets of the Corporation, whether
directly or indirectly, by purchase, merger, consolidation,
acquisition of stock, or otherwise, by an agreement in form and
substance satisfactory to the Executive, expressly to assume
and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to
the same extent as the Corporation would be required to perform
if no such succession had taken place.

   10. Miscellaneous.  (a) This Agreement shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Minnesota, without reference to principles of conflict of laws.
The captions of this Agreement are not part of the provisions
hereof and shall have no force or effect.  This Agreement may
not be amended or modified otherwise than by a written
agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective
successors and legal representatives.  Any dispute,
disagreement or controversy shall be arbitrated in Minneapolis,
Minnesota as provided for in Minnesota Statutes 572.08 et seq.
under the rules, regulations and procedures of the American
Arbitration Association.

       (b)  All notices and other communications hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be given by hand delivery to the
other party or by registered or certified mail, return receipt
requested, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:


               If to the Executive:
               <name and address>

               If to the Corporation:
               General Mills, Inc.
               Number One General Mills Boulevard
               Minneapolis, Minnesota 55426
               Attn:  General Counsel

or to such other address as either party shall have furnished
to the other in writing in accordance herewith.  Notice and
communications shall be effective when actually received by the
addressee.

       (c) The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision
of this Agreement shall be severable and not affect the
validity or enforceability of any other provision of this
Agreement.

       (d) The Corporation may withhold from any amounts
payable under this Agreement such Federal, state or local taxes
as shall be required to be withheld pursuant to any applicable
law or regulation.

       (e) This Agreement contains the entire understanding
with the Executive with respect to the subject matter hereof.

       (f) The employment of Executive by the Corporation may
be terminated by either the Executive or the Corporation at any
time and for any reason.  Nothing contained in the Agreement
shall affect such rights to terminate, provided, however, that
nothing in this Section 10(f) shall prevent the Executive from
receiving any amounts payable pursuant to Section 5(a) or
Section 5(b) of this Agreement in the event of a termination
described in such Section 5(a) or 5(b).

   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Executive has hereunto set his hand
and, pursuant to the authorization from its Board of Directors,
the Corporation has caused these presents to be executed in its
name on its behalf, and its corporate seal to be hereunder
affixed and attested by its secretary or assistant secretary,
all as of the day and year first above written.

                                   GENERAL MILLS, INC.

______________________________     By____________________________
        Executive

                                   Its___________________________


                                   ATTEST:


                                   ______________________________

                                   _______________ Secretary

                                   (Seal)



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.6
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT PLAN
<TEXT>


                                                 EXHIBIT 10.6




                   SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT PLAN

                      OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.



                As Amended Effective January, 1991,
                  November, 1991, December, 1992
                           and May, 1994



                   SUPPLEMENTAL RETIREMENT PLAN
                                 
                      OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.


Effective as of January 1, 1991, General Mills, Inc. hereby amends
and restates the Supplemental Retirement Plan of General Mills,
Inc. for the exclusive benefit of its employees, pursuant to
authorization of the Board of Directors of General Mills, Inc.
Additional amendments have been made since the date of the last
restatement.

                             ARTICLE I

                           INTRODUCTION

     Section 1.1    Name of Plan.  The name of the Plan is the
"Supplemental Retirement Plan of General Mills, Inc."  It is also
referred to as the "Supplemental Plan" or the "Plan."

     Section 1.2    Effective Date.  The effective date of the Plan
is January 1, 1976.  This Plan, except as may otherwise be
specifically provided herein, shall not apply to Participants who
separated from active service prior to January 1, 1991.


                            ARTICLE II

                            DEFINITIONS

     Section 2.1    Base Plan shall mean a defined benefit pension
plan sponsored by the Company, which is qualified under the
provisions of Code Section 401.  With respect to any Participant in
this Plan where, as of June 1, 1991, the sum of such individual's
age and length of Company service equals or exceeds 65, Base Plan
shall mean the provisions of such plan as were in effect on
December 31, 1988, and benefits under this Plan shall be determined
as if such provisions had continued in effect until the date of the
Participant's termination or retirement from the Company.  With
respect to any Participant in this Plan where, as of June 1, 1991,
the sum of such individual's age and Company service is less than
65, Base Plan shall mean the provisions of such Plan as are in
effect on the date of such Participant's termination or retirement
from the Company.

     Section 2.2    Board shall mean the Board of Directors of
General Mills, Inc.

     Section 2.3    Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of
any of the following events:

     (a)  any person (including a group as defined in Section
          13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
          becoming, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of
          twenty percent (20%) or more of the shares of stock of
          General Mills, Inc. entitled to vote for the election of
          directors.
     
     (b)  as a result of or in connection with any cash tender
          offer, exchange offer, merger or other business
          combination, sale of assets or contested election, or
          combination of the foregoing, the persons who were
          directors of the Company just prior to such event shall
          cease to constitute a majority of the Company's Board of
          Directors; or
     
     (c)  the stockholders of the Company approve an agreement
          providing for a transaction in which the Company will
          cease to be an independent publicly-owned corporation or
          a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all
          of the assets of the Company occurs.

     Section 2.4    Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as it may be amended from time to time.

     Section 2.5    Company shall mean General Mills, Inc. and any
of its subsidiaries or affiliated business entities as shall be
authorized to participate in the Plan by the Board, or its
delegate.

     Section 2.6    Compensation Committee shall mean the
Compensation Committee of the Board.

     Section 2.7    Deferred Cash Award shall mean the cash amount
deferred by an individual under any formal plan of deferred
compensation sponsored by the Company.  A Deferred Cash Award shall
not include:

     (a)  any base salary which was deferred during calendar year
          1986;
     
     (b)  any interest or investment increment applied to the
          amount of the cash award which is deferred; or
     
     (c)  any cash amount deferred by any person under any
          individual contract or arrangement with the Company or
          any of its subsidiaries or affiliated business entities.

     Section 2.8    ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as it may be amended from time to time.

     Section 2.9    Minor Amendment Committee shall mean the Minor
Amendment Committee appointed by the Compensation Committee.

     Section 2.10   "Maximum Benefit" shall mean the maximum annual
benefit payable in dollars permitted to be either accrued or paid
to a participant of any Base Plan, as determined under all
applicable provisions of the Code and ERISA, specifically taking
into account the limitations of Code Sections 401(a)17 and 415, and
any applicable regulations thereunder.  It is specifically intended
that the Maximum Benefit, as defined herein, shall take into
account changes in the dollar limits under Code Sections 401(a)17
and 415, and benefits payable from this Plan and the Base Plan
shall be adjusted accordingly.  In addition, if a Base Plan limits
the accrued benefits of any Participant by restricting the
application of future changes in such dollar limits with respect to
such Participant, benefits payable under this Plan shall
nevertheless be determined on the full amount that would have been
permissible absent such restrictions under the Base Plan.

     Section 2.11   Participant shall mean an individual who is a
participant in the Company's Executive Incentive Plan or who is
eligible to defer compensation under a formal deferred compensation
program maintained by the Company, and who is:

     (a)  an active participant in one or more Base Plans on and
          after January 1, 1976 and whose accrued benefits,
          determined on the basis of the provisions of such Base
          Plans without regard to the Maximum Benefit, would exceed
          the Maximum Benefit;
     
     (b)  An individual with a Deferred Cash Award, which, if
          included as compensation under any Base Plans in which
          such individual is a participant, would result in a
          greater accrued benefit under the provisions of such Base
          Plans;
     
     (c)  An active participant of the General Mills, Inc.
          Executive Incentive Plan who is entitled to a vested
          Pension under a Base Plan and who is involuntarily
          terminated prior to attainment of age 55, if the sum of
          such individual's age and length of company service at
          the date of termination equals or exceeds 75; or
     
     (d)  An individual who participates in the Retirement Income
          Plan of General Mills, Inc., where the sum of such
          individual's age and length of Company service as of 
          June 1, 1991 equals or exceeds 65, and who would have been
          entitled to a greater benefit under the provisions of the
          RIP at the time of his or her retirement from the Company
          had he or she not been considered a "highly compensated
          employee" for any period on or after January 1, 1989.
     
     An eligible individual shall remain a Participant under this
Supplemental Plan until all amounts payable on his or her behalf
from this Plan have been paid.

     Section 2.12   Defined Terms.  Capitalized terms which are not
defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the
relevant Base Plan.


                            ARTICLE III

                             BENEFITS

     Section 3.1    Effect of Retirement.  Upon the Normal, Early,
Late or Disability Retirement of a Participant, as provided under a
Base Plan, such Participant shall be entitled to a benefit equal to
the amount determined in accordance with the provisions of the Base
Plan without regard to the limitations of the Maximum Benefit,
including as compensation for purposes of such calculation any
Deferred Cash Award (as if actually paid at the time of the award),
reduced by the lesser of the Participant's actual accrued benefit
under such Base Plan or the Maximum Benefit.

     In the event a Participant has accrued benefits under more
than one Base Plan, the provisions of the Base Plan from which the
Participant retires as an Active Participant shall be used to
determine the total benefits payable without regard to the Maximum
Benefit.

     If the Participant received a partial prepayment as described
in Section 3.10, benefits payable under this Section shall be
adjusted as provided in Section 3.11.

     Section 3.2    Spouse's Pension.  Upon the death of a
Participant whose surviving spouse is eligible for a Spouse's
Pension under a Base Plan, such surviving spouse shall be entitled
to a benefit under this Supplemental Plan, determined in accordance
with the provisions of the Base Plan without regard to the
limitations of the Maximum Benefit, and including as compensation
for purposes of such calculation any Deferred Cash Award (as if
actually paid at the time of the award), reduced by the lesser of
the actual Spouse's Pension payable under such Base Plan or the
Maximum Benefit.

     In the event a Participant had accrued benefits under more
than one Base Plan, the provisions of the Base Plan under which the
Participant was accruing benefits as an Active Participant shall be
used to determine the total benefits payable without regard to the
Maximum Benefit.

     If the Participant received a partial prepayment as described
in Section 3.10, benefits payable under this Section shall be
adjusted as provided in Section 3.11.

     Section 3.3    Effect of Termination Prior to Retirement
Eligibility.  If a Participant terminates employment with the
Company and is entitled to a Vested Deferred Pension under a Base
Plan, such Participant shall be entitled to a benefit equal to the
amount determined in accordance with the provisions of the Base
Plan without regard to the limitations of the Maximum Benefit,
including as compensation for purposes of such calculation any
Deferred Cash Award (as if actually paid at the time of the award),
reduced by the lesser of the Participant's actual accrued benefit
under such Base Plan or the Maximum Benefit.

     In the event a Participant has participated in more than one
Base Plan, the provisions of the Base Plan under which the
Participant was accruing benefits as an Active Participant at the
time of such separation from service shall be used to determined
the total amount of benefit payable without regard to the Maximum
Benefit.

     If the Participant received a partial prepayment as described
in Section 3.10, benefits payable under this Section shall be
adjusted as provided in Section 3.11.

     Section 3.4    Benefits Prior to Separation from Service.
Prior to a Participant's separation from service due to Retirement,
termination or death, benefits shall accrue under this Supplemental
Plan, based on the Participant's actual accrued benefit under a
Base Plan or Plans, the Maximum Benefit and Deferred Cash Awards,
if any.  A Participant's benefit under this Supplemental Plan may
increase or decrease, before or after Retirement or termination, as
a result of changes in the formula under any Base Plan, the Maximum
Benefit, or changes in the earnings used to calculate benefits
under a Base Plan formula.

     Any benefit accrued under this Supplemental Plan as a result
of a Participant's Deferred Cash Award shall be payable only if,
and to the extent that on the date of his or her termination of
employment, both of the following conditions are satisfied:

     (a)  The Participant has a vested accrued benefit under the
          applicable Base Plan; and
     
     (b)  A Deferred Cash Award was made during a year which is
          used in the calculation of Final Average Earnings under
          this Supplemental Plan on the date of termination.

     If the Participant received a partial prepayment as described
in Section 3.10, benefits payable under this Section shall be
adjusted as provided in Section 3.11.

     Section 3.5    Effect of Involuntary Termination of EIP
Participants Prior to Retirement Eligibility.  In the event of the
involuntary termination of an active Participant of the General
Mills, Inc. Executive Incentive Plan, where the sum of such
Participant's age and years of service with the Company equals or
exceeds 75 at the date of termination, and who is entitled to a
Vested Deferred Pension under a Base Plan, the provisions of this
Section shall apply.  Subject to the aggregate limits of Section
4.4, such Participant shall be entitled to receive benefits
determined under this Section, in addition to any benefit provided
under Section 3.3.  Such additional benefits shall be in the form
of a retirement supplement, calculated as the difference between an
Early Retirement Pension under the provisions of such Base Plan and
a Vested Deferred Pension under such Base Plan.

     If the Participant received a partial prepayment as described
in Section 3.10, benefits payable under this Section shall be
adjusted as provided in Section 3.11.

     Section 3.6    Effect of Termination of the Retirement Income
Plan of General Mills, Inc.  In the event of the termination of the
Retirement Income Plan of General Mills, Inc. (RIP) within five
years after a Change in Control each Participant of the RIP whose
benefits would then exceed the Maximum Benefit as a result of the
changes required under Section 12.4 of the RIP shall be entitled to
receive such excess benefits under the Supplemental Plan.

     Section 3.7    Form of Payment.  Any benefit amount payable
under the Supplemental Plan to a married Participant shall be
adjusted and paid in the form of a joint and 100% to survivor
annuity.  Any benefit amount payable under the Supplemental Plan to
an unmarried Participant shall be paid in the form of a single life
annuity.  Notwithstanding the above, a married Participant may
request, subject to the approval of the Minor Amendment Committee,
to have such benefit amounts adjusted and paid as a joint and 50%
to survivor annuity or as a single life annuity.  Further, any
Participant may request, subject to the approval of the Minor
Amendment Committee, that any benefit amount be paid in a single
sum payment in cash, effective as of the first day monthly benefits
would otherwise begin.  Any request for an alternate form of
benefit that is granted may be made at any time before benefits
would otherwise begin.  The Minor Amendment Committee may approve
or reject any such request in its sole discretion.  Any joint and
survivor annuity shall be the actuarial equivalent of a single life
annuity based on the following factors, determined using the ages
of the Participant and spouse on the effective date of the payment:

     (a)  For benefits commencing after January 1, 1989.  The
          formula for the joint and 100% to survivor factor is:

               .868 + .005 (65 - X) + .005 (Y - X), where X is
               equal to the Participant's age and Y is equal to the
               age of the spouse.

          The formula for the joint and 50% to survivor factor is:

               .928 + .003 (65 - X) + .003 (Y - X), where X is
               equal to the Participant's age and Y is equal to the
               age of the spouse.

     (b)  For benefits commencing on or before January 1, 1989.
          The formula for the joint and 100% to survivor factor is:

               .815 + .007 (63 - X) + .007 (Y - X), where X is
               equal to the Participant's age and Y is equal to the
               age of the spouse.

          The formula for the joint and 50% to survivor factor is:

               .898 + .004 (63 - X) + .004 (Y - X), where X is
               equal to the Participant's age and Y is equal to the
               age of the spouse.

For the purpose of calculating any lump sum payment, the interest
rate used shall be the immediate annuity interest rate determined
by the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation as in effect on the
first day of the year in which a distribution is to be made.

     Section 3.8    Time of Payment.  The payment of benefits
determined under the provisions of the Supplemental Plan shall
commence on the first day of the month coincident with or next
following the date upon which a Participant (or surviving spouse)
first becomes eligible to commence receiving benefits under the
Base Plan or Plans, regardless of the time benefits actually
commence under the Base Plan.  Notwithstanding any other provisions
of the Supplemental Plan to the contrary, the Minor Amendment
Committee may, in its sole discretion, direct that payments be made
before such payments are otherwise due, if, for any reason
(including but not limited to, a change in the tax or revenue laws
of the United States of America, a published ruling or similar
announcement issued by the Internal Revenue Service, a regulation
issued by the Secretary of the Treasury or his delegate, or a
decision by a court of competent jurisdiction involving a
Participant or Beneficiary), it believes that a Participant or
Beneficiary has recognized or will recognize income for federal
income tax purposes with respect to amounts that are or will be
payable under the Supplemental Plan before they are to be paid.  In
making this determination, the Minor Amendment Committee shall take
into account the hardship that would be imposed on the Participant
or Beneficiary by the payment of federal income taxes under such
circumstances.

     Section 3.9    Effect of Changes in the Maximum Benefit.  In
the event the dollar amount of the Maximum Benefit increases as a
result of federal legislation, the benefits of any Participant
payable under the Supplemental Plan, whether or not in pay status,
shall be recalculated to take into account the higher Maximum
Benefit payable from the applicable Base Plan.  If payments have
already commenced under the provisions of the applicable Base Plan
and the Supplemental Plan, benefit amounts under both Plans shall
be adjusted to reflect the higher Maximum Benefit, by increasing
the amount paid under the Base Plan and decreasing the amount paid
under the Supplemental Plan, as soon as administratively possible
after such a change.  Notwithstanding the above, if a Base Plan is
terminated, no adjustments shall be made to benefits payable under
the Supplemental Plan with respect to changes in the Maximum
Benefit after the date of termination of the Base Plan.

     Section 3.10   Partial Prepayment.  Notwithstanding any other
provisions of this Supplemental Plan, partial prepayment of
benefits due under this Supplemental Plan may be made from time to
time, pursuant to amendments to this Section.  Prepayments so
authorized are described as follows:

(a)  (1)  The first prepayment was authorized to be made in
          January, 1988 to those active Participants who, on
          December 31, 1987, had earned vested accrued benefits
          under one or more Base Plans equal to the Maximum Benefit
          then in effect, payable at December 31, 1987, or age 55,
          if later.

     (2)  The second prepayment was authorized to be made on or
          after October, 1988 and before December 31, 1988, to
          those active Participants who had earned vested accrued
          benefits under one or more Base Plans, when projected to
          December 31, 1988, equal to the Maximum Benefit then if
          effect, payable at December 31, 1988, or age 55, if
          later.
     
     (3)  The third prepayment was authorized to be made in
          December, 1989, to those active Participants who, if the
          Base Plans had continued in effect through December 31,
          1989 as in effect on December 31, 1988, would have earned
          vested accrued benefits under such Base Plans equal to
          the Maximum Benefit then in effect, payable at January 1,
          1990, or at age 55 if later.
     
     (4)  The fourth prepayment was authorized to be made in
          October, 1990, to those active Participants who, if the
          Base Plans had continued in effect through December 31,
          1990, as in effect on December 31, 1988, would have
          earned vested accrued benefits under such Base Plans
          equal to the Maximum Benefit then if effect, payable at
          January 1, 1991, or at age 55 if later.
     
     (5)  The fifth prepayment was authorized to be made in
          December, 1991, to those active Participants who had
          earned vested accrued benefits under one or more Base
          Plans, when projected to December 31, 1991, equal to the
          Maximum Benefit then in effect, payable at December 31,
          1991, or age 55, if later, but only to the extent that,
          when estimated benefits payable at each Participant's
          normal retirement age were projected, the Participant's
          additional benefits payable from this Plan at such normal
          retirement date were equal to or greater than zero.
     
     (6)  The sixth prepayment was authorized to be made in
          December, 1992, to those active Participants who had
          earned vested accrued benefits under one or more Base
          Plans, when projected to December 31, 1992, equal to the
          Maximum Benefit then in effect, payable at December 31,
          1992, but only to the extent that, when estimated
          benefits payable at each Participant's normal retirement
          age (or announced early retirement age, if earlier) were
          projected, the Participant's additional benefits payable
          from this Plan at such retirement date were equal to or
          greater than zero.
     
(b)  For such Participants identified in (a) above, who were
     eligible for a Normal or Early Retirement under the applicable
     Base Plans as of the stated dates, a monthly benefit payable
     under this Supplemental Plan is calculated as if (i)
     retirement actually occurred on the stated date, and (ii) the
     benefits payable under the applicable Base Plans were paid
     under the normal form of payment provided in such Base Plans.
     The resulting benefit payable under the provisions of this
     Supplemental Plan shall be calculated as if payable in the
     form of an annuity for the life of such Participant.

(c)  For such Participants who are participating in the Company's
     Executive Incentive Plan but are not eligible for a Normal or
     Early Retirement under the applicable Base Plans as of the
     stated date, a monthly benefit payable under this Supplemental
     Plan is calculated under the provisions of Section 3.5 as if
     (i) such a Participant's involuntary termination occurred as
     of the stated date, and (ii) the benefit payable under the
     applicable Base Plans is paid under the normal form of payment
     provided in such Base Plans.  The resulting benefit payable
     under the provisions of this Supplemental Plan shall be
     calculated as if payable in the form of an annuity payable for
     the life of such Participant.

(d)  The present value of the monthly benefits payable under this
     Supplemental Plan as calculated above shall be based on the
     immediate annuity interest rates determined by the Pension
     Benefit Guaranty Corporation as in effect on the January 1 of
     the year of any such authorized prepayment.

     (e)  In the event the Compensation Committee, or its delegate,
          believes that payment of the entire present value of any
          amounts calculated pursuant to this Section may result in
          an overpayment of amounts that would have been payable
          under this Supplemental Plan upon the actual retirement
          or separation from service of any of such Participants,
          without regard to the provisions of this Section, the
          Compensation Committee, or its delegate, shall reduce the
          amount of the single sum payment as the Compensation
          Committee, or its delegate, in its sole discretion, deems
          appropriate.

     Section 3.11   Adjustment for Prepayment.  With respect to any
Participant who received a prepayment of benefits under Section
3.10 above, the benefits due upon Retirement, separation or death
under Sections 3.1, 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 or 3.5, or a subsequent
prepayment of benefits due under Section 3.10, shall be adjusted to
reflect the prepayment of benefits in the following manner:

     (a)  The monthly benefit payable under the applicable section
          shall be calculated first without regard to prepayment,
          under a life only form of payment.
     
     (b)  The offset for each prepayment shall be calculated based
          on a lump sum future value of the amount of the
          prepayment.  Such amount will be calculated using the
          time period from the stated date as of which the
          prepayment was calculated to the date of the
          Participant's retirement, separation, subsequent payment
          date, or death, and an annual interest rate equal to
          66.2% of the immediate annuity interest rate used to
          calculate the lump sum value of such prepayment, on the
          after-tax value of the prepayment.  The after-tax value
          of the prepayment shall be based on an effective annual
          tax rate of 33.8%.  This same rate shall be used to
          compute a before-tax value for offset purposes.  The
          resulting lump sum future value is to be converted to a
          life annuity figure using the 1983 Group Annuity
          Mortality table for males.
     
     (c)  The result in (b) above shall be subtracted from (a)
          above after both figures have been adjusted for the
          appropriate form of benefit selected by the Participant
          (or spouse, in the event of the Participant's death).
          The result shall be the additional benefit remaining, if
          any, to be paid from this Supplemental Plan.  In the
          event of multiple prepayments for such a Participant, the
          offset for each prepayment shall be calculated separately
          and applied to the benefit in (a) above in the order in
          which paid.  In the event the amount (or amounts in the
          event of multiple payments) determined in (b) above is
          equal to the amount determined in (a) above, no
          additional benefits shall be payable under this
          Supplemental Plan.  If the amount (or amounts in the
          event of multiple payments) determined in (b) above is
          greater than the amount determined in (a) above, the
          Company shall be entitled to recover the amount of any
          excess prepayments from the Participant and may withhold
          and retain sums which would otherwise be payable to the
          Participant under any other nonqualified plan of the
          Company in satisfaction of the excess prepayment.

     Section 3.12   Participants Formerly on Leave to General Mills
Restaurants, Inc.  Participants in this Plan (i) who were active
participants in the Retirement Income Plan of General Mills, Inc.
("RIP") on "leave of absence status" to General Mills Restaurants,
Inc. and (ii) whose leaves were canceled effective as of May 31,
1991, may be entitled to additional benefits under this Plan as
described below.  In addition to any benefits that such a
Participant may be entitled to under the provisions of this Article
III, this Plan shall also pay the difference, if any, between the
total benefits the Participant is entitled to from the Base Plan in
which he or she is participating at the time of termination and
this Plan, and the total benefits the Participant would have been
entitled to from the RIP and this Plan, had the Participant
continued to participate in the  RIP until the date of the
Participant's termination of employment or Retirement.

     Section 3.13   Presidents of General Mills Restaurants, Inc.
Participants in this Plan who were employed as Presidents of a
General Mills Restaurants, Inc. division as of May 31, 1994, were
not eligible for any benefit accrual under the terms of the Base
Plan in which they participated for the period from January 1, 1989
through May 31, 1994.  Benefits shall accrued under the terms of
this Plan equal to the entire benefit which would have accrued to
such individuals under the applicable Base Plan for this period.
The form and timing of such payments shall be subject to all
provisions of this Plan.

                                 
                            ARTICLE IV

                        PLAN ADMINISTRATION

     Section 4.1    Compensation Committee.  The Supplemental Plan
shall be administered by the Compensation Committee, and the
Compensation Committee shall have full authority to interpret the
Supplemental Plan.  Such interpretations of the Compensation
Committee shall be final and binding on all parties, including the
Participants, their beneficiaries, surviving spouses and the
Company.

     Section 4.2    Delegated Duties.  The Compensation Committee
shall have the authority to delegate the duties and
responsibilities of administering the Supplemental Plan,
maintaining records, issuing such rules and regulations as it deems
appropriate, and making the payments hereunder to such employees or
agents of the Company as it deems proper.

     Section 4.3    Amendment and Termination.  The Board, or if
specifically delegated, its delegate, may amend, modify or
terminate the Supplemental Plan at any time, provided, however,
that no such amendment, modification or termination shall adversely
affect any accrued benefit under the Supplemental Plan to which a
Participant, or the Participant's Beneficiary, is entitled under
Article III prior to the date of such amendment or termination, and
in which such Participant, or the Participant's Beneficiary, would
have been vested if such benefit had been provided under the
applicable Base Plan, unless the Participant, or the Participant's
Beneficiary, becomes entitled to an amount equal to the cash value
of such benefit under another plan, program or practice adopted by
the Company.  Notwithstanding the above, no amendment,
modification, or termination which would affect benefits accrued
under this Supplemental Plan prior to such amendment, modification
or termination may occur after a Change in Control without the
written consent of a majority of the Participants determined as of
the day before such Change in Control.  Each year the Compensation
Committee shall notify, in writing, those individuals who have any
accrued benefits under the Supplemental Plan.

     Section 4.4    Payments.  The Company will pay all benefits
arising under this Supplemental Plan and all costs, charges and
expenses relating thereto.  The benefits payable under this
Supplemental Plan to each Participant shall not be greater that
what would have been paid in the aggregate under the Base Plan (i)
in the absence of federal limitations on benefit amounts, (ii) if
amounts deferred had been paid to the Participant when earned, and
(iii) with respect to Section 3.5, the Participant had actually
been eligible for Early Retirement under the Base Plan.

     Section 4.5    Arbitration.

     (a)  Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to
          this Plan, or any alleged breach of the terms or
          conditions contained herein, shall be settled by
          arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration
          Rules of the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA")
          as such rules may be modified herein.
     
     (b)  An award rendered in connection with an arbitration
          pursuant to this Section shall be final and binding and,
          judgment upon such an award may be entered and enforced
          in any court of competent jurisdiction.
     
     (c)  The forum for arbitration under this Plan shall be
          Minneapolis, Minnesota and the governing law for such
          arbitration shall be laws of the State of Minnesota.
     
     (d)  Arbitration under this Section shall be conducted by a
          single arbitrator selected jointly by the Company and the
          Participant (the "Complainant").  If within thirty (30)
          days after a demand for arbitration is made, the Company
          and the Complainant are unable to agree on a single
          arbitrator, three arbitrators shall be appointed.  Each
          party shall select one arbitrator and those two
          arbitrators shall then select a third neutral arbitrator
          which thirty (30) days after their appointment.  In
          connection with the selection of the third arbitrator,
          consideration shall be given to familiarity with
          executive compensation plans and experience in dispute
          resolution between parties, as a judge or otherwise.  If
          the arbitrators selected by the parties cannot agree on
          the third arbitrator, they shall discuss the
          qualifications of such third arbitrator with the AAA
          prior to selection of such arbitrator, which selection
          shall be in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration
          Rules of the AAA.
     
     (e)  If an arbitrator cannot continue to serve, a successor to
          an arbitrator selected by a party shall be also selected
          by the same party, and a successor to a neutral
          arbitrator shall be selected as specified in subsection
          (d) of this Section.  A full rehearing will be held only
          if the neutral arbitrator is unable to continue to serve
          or if the remaining arbitrators unanimously agree that
          such a rehearing is appropriate.
     
     (f)  The arbitrator or arbitrators shall be guided, but not
          bound, by the Federal Rules of Evidence and by the
          procedural rules, including discovery provisions, of the
          Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.  Any discovery shall be
          limited to information directly relevant to the
          controversy or claim in arbitration.
     
     (g)  The parties shall each be responsible for their own costs
          and expenses, except for the fees and expenses of the
          arbitrators, which shall be shared equally by the Company
          and the Complainant.

     Section 4.6    Non-Assignability of Benefits.  Neither any
benefit payable hereunder nor the right to receive any future
benefit payable under the Supplemental Plan may be anticipated,
alienated, sold, transferred, assigned, pledged, encumbered, or
subjected to any charge or legal process, and if any attempt is
made to do so, or a person eligible for any benefits becomes
bankrupt, the interest under the Supplemental Plan of the person
affected may be terminated by the Compensation Committee which, in
its sole discretion, may cause the same to be held or applied for
the benefit of one or more of the dependents of such person or make
any other disposition of such benefits that it deems appropriate.

     Section 4.7    Applicable Law.  All questions pertaining to
the construction, validity and effect of the Supplemental Plan
shall be determined in accordance with the laws of the United
States and the laws of the State applicable to the Base Plan
covering the Participant.

     Section 4.8    Supplemental Benefits Trust.  The Company has
established a Supplemental Benefits Trust with Norwest Bank
Minneapolis, N.A. as Trustee to hold assets of the Company under
certain circumstances as a reserve for the discharge of the
Company's obligations under the Supplemental Plan and certain other
plans of deferred compensation of the Company.  In the event of a
Change in Control as defined in Section 2.3 hereof, the Company
shall be obligated to immediately contribute such amounts to the
Trust as may be necessary to fully fund all benefits payable under
the Supplemental Plan.  Any Participant of the Supplemental Plan
shall have the right to demand and secure specific performance of
this provision.  The Company may fund the Trust in the event of the
occurrence of a Potential Change in Control as determined by the
Finance Committee of the Board.  All assets held in the Trust
remain subject only to the claims of the Company's general
creditors whose claims against the Company are not satisfied
because of the Company's bankruptcy or insolvency (as those terms
are defined in the Trust Agreement).  No Participant has any
preferred claim on, or beneficial ownership interest in, any assets
of the Trust before the assets are paid to the Participant and all
rights created under the Trust, as under the Supplemental Plan, are
unsecured contractual claims of the Participant against the
Company.




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.9
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>SUPPLEMENTAL SAVINGS PLAN
<TEXT>


                                                 EXHIBIT 10.9




                     SUPPLEMENTAL SAVINGS PLAN

                      OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.



                  Restated as of January 1, 1989
       With Certain Provisions Effective as of January, 1992
               Further Amended as of November, 1991,
                 December, 1992, and August, 1993


                     SUPPLEMENTAL SAVINGS PLAN
                      OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.



The Supplemental Savings Plan of General Mills, Inc., a non-
qualified deferred compensation plan for the exclusive benefit of
its employees, is hereby amended and restated as of January 1,
1989, with certain provisions effective as of January 1, 1992,
pursuant to authorization of the Board of Directors of General
Mills, Inc.


                             ARTICLE I

                           INTRODUCTION

     Section 1.1    Name of Plan.  The name of the Plan is the
"Supplemental Savings Plan of General Mills, Inc."  It is also
referred to as the "Supplemental Savings Plan" or the "Plan."

     Section 1.2    Effective Date.  The effective date of the Plan
is July 25, 1983.

     Section 1.3    Purpose.  The purposes of the Supplemental
Savings Plan are to:  (i) provide a means by which a Participant
may, under certain circumstances, be credited with benefits which,
in the absence of restrictions imposed by Code Sections 401(a)(17),
401(k), 401(m) or 415, would be provided as Company Contributions
under a Base Plan; and (ii) provide a means by which certain
individuals, who are otherwise eligible to participate in this
Plan, may be credited with amounts set forth under individual
arrangements which the Minor Amendment Committee has approved for
inclusion in this Plan.

                                 
                            ARTICLE II

                            DEFINITIONS

     Section 2.1    Account shall mean a Participant's individual
account, as described in Section 3.2 of this Plan.

     Section 2.2    Base Plan shall mean a defined contribution
plan sponsored by the Company, which is qualified under the
provisions of Code Section 401, including the Voluntary Investment
Plan of General Mills, Inc. (VIP), the Profit Sharing & Savings
Plan for General Mills Restaurants, Inc. (PSSP), the General Mills,
Inc. Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), the Retirement Savings
Plan of General Mills, Inc. (RSP), and such other defined
contribution plans as have been declared by the Board to be covered
by this Plan.

     Section 2.3    Beneficiary shall mean the beneficiary or
beneficiaries designated by the Participant in writing to receive
the balance, if any, remaining in the Participant's Account upon
the Participant's death.

     Section 2.4    Board shall mean the Board of Directors of
General Mills, Inc.

     Section 2.5    Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of
any of the following events:

     (a)  any person (including a group as defined in Section
          13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934)
          becoming, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of
          twenty percent (20%) or more of the shares of stock of
          General Mills, Inc. entitled to vote for the election of
          directors;
     
     (b)  as a result of or in connection with any cash tender
          offer, exchange offer, merger or other business
          combination, sale of assets or contested election, or
          combination of the foregoing, the persons who were
          directors of the Company just prior to such event shall
          cease to constitute a majority of the Company's Board of
          Directors; or
     
     (c)  the stockholders of the Company approve an agreement
          providing for a transaction in which either the Company
          will cease to be an independent publicly-owned
          corporation or a sale or other disposition of all or
          substantially all of the assets of the Company occurs.

     Section 2.6    Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended from time to time.

     Section 2.7    Company shall mean General Mills, Inc., and any
of its subsidiaries or affiliated business entities authorized to
participate in a Base Plan by the Board, or its delegate.

     Section 2.8    Company Contribution shall mean any
contribution or other addition to be made or allocated by the
Company under a Base Plan, other than a contribution made pursuant
to a Participant's election to make contributions under Code
Sections 401(k) or 401(m).

     Section 2.9    ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income
Security Act of 1974, as it may be amended from time to time.

     Section 2.10   Limitation Year shall mean the calendar year.

     Section 2.11   Minor Amendment Committee shall mean the Minor
Amendment Committee appointed by the Compensation Committee of the
Board.

     Section 2.12   Participant shall mean an employee who is
eligible to participate in a formal non-qualified deferred
compensation program adopted by the Company and who participates in
this Supplemental Savings Plan pursuant to Article III.

     Section 2.13   Defined Terms.  Capitalized terms which are not
defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the
relevant Base Plan.

                                 
                            ARTICLE III

                           PARTICIPATION

     Section 3.1    Participation.  An employee described in
Section 2.12 will participate in this Plan if:

     (a)  as a result of the application of Code Section 415, no
          additional contributions can be made to the Base Plan for
          the remainder of the applicable Limitation Year, or as a
          result of the application of Code Section 401(a)(17), or
          the application of the nondiscrimination testing
          limitations imposed by Code Sections 401(k) and 401(m),
          he or she cannot make any further Participant
          contributions to the Base Plan for the remainder of the
          Plan Year for the Base Plan; or
     
     (b)  an individual deferred compensation agreement exists with
          respect to the employee, and the Minor Amendment
          Committee approves the inclusion of the amounts to be
          credited under such agreement as "Company Contributions"
          under the terms of this Plan.  Once credited under this
          Plan, such amounts shall be subject to all provisions of
          this Plan.

     Section 3.2    Establishment of Supplemental Savings Plan
Accounts.  The Company shall establish an Account for each
Participant to which amounts shall be credited in accordance with
Section 3.3.  Such amounts shall be credited to Participants'
Accounts under this Plan as bookkeeping entries only.

     Section 3.3    Crediting of Company Contributions.  Company
Contributions may be credited to a Participant's Account under the
following circumstances:

     (a)  A Participant shall be credited with amounts under this
          Plan equal to the additional Company Contributions that
          would have been made to the Base Plan with respect to
          such Participant for the remainder of the Plan Year or
          Limitation Year, as appropriate, as if the restrictions
          described in Section 3.1 did not apply.  Such amounts
          shall be credited to such Participant's Account under
          this Plan as of the last day of the month coincident with
          or next following the date the additional Company
          Contributions would have been made to the Base Plan if
          the restrictions described in Section 3.1 did not apply.
     
          Such credits shall be based on the rate of total
          contributions elected by the Participant under the Base
          Plan as in effect for the period in which the applicable
          restriction first applies, but not more than the maximum
          percentage of Earnable Compensation with respect to which
          Company Contributions may be made pursuant to the Base
          Plan as in effect for the period without regard to any
          limitations on Company Contributions which may be imposed
          under the Base Plan in order to comply with the
          applicable limitations.  In no event will amounts be
          credited under this Plan with respect to any Participant
          if the Participant is able to make any additional
          contributions under the Base Plan without violating:  (a)
          the limitations of Code Section 401(a)(17); (b) the
          limitations of Code Section 415; or (c) the application
          of the nondiscrimination limitations under Code Sections
          401(k) and 401(m).
     
          In no event shall a Participant be credited with
          Contributions under a Base Plan and this Plan during a
          given period that would exceed the Contributions that
          would have been made to the Base Plan in the absence of
          the restrictions imposed by Code Sections 401(a)(17),
          401(k), 401(m) and 415.
     
     (b)  Under the terms of an individual agreement, the amount of
          Company Contributions shall be determined at the time the
          Minor Amendment Committee approves the inclusion of such
          amounts as Company Contributions under this Plan.

     Section 3.4    Changes in Amounts Credited to a Supplemental
Savings Plan Account.  Amounts credited to a Participant's
Supplemental Savings Plan Account shall be treated as if invested
in the Fixed Income Fund of the VIP, unless the Participant has
specifically requested, in writing, that the contribution be
attributed to a different fund, or combination of funds otherwise
available from time to time under the VIP.  Effective as of January
1, 1992, the fund elections available for Accounts under this Plan
shall be the Fixed Income Fund, the Equity Fund, the International
Fund and the U. S. Treasury Fund of the VIP.  Participants who had
previously elected to have a portion of their Account under this
Plan credited as if in the Company Stock Fund shall be given an
opportunity to make a written election to have such amounts
credited as if in any combination of the Fixed Fund, Equity Fund,
U. S. Treasury Fund or International Fund for periods beginning
January 1, 1992.  In the absence of a written election from a
Participant with amounts credited under the Company Stock Fund as
of December 31, 1991, such amounts shall be credited under this
Plan as if the Participant elected to have such amounts credited in
the Fixed Income Fund for periods beginning on and after January 1,
1992.  Transfers of amounts already credited to a Participant's
Supplemental Savings Plan Account shall be permitted as of the
first day of any month, provided a written request is received by
the Minor Amendment Committee, or its delegate, on or before the
last business day of the preceding month.

     Section 3.5    Distribution of Amounts Credited to a
Supplemental Savings Plan Account.  Amounts credited to a
Participant's Supplemental Savings Plan Account shall be available
for distribution only at such times as set forth in this Section.

     (a)  Hardship Withdrawals.  If an active Participant withdraws
          100% of the account balance available for withdrawal
          under all Base Plans in which he or she participates,
          such Participant may request a hardship withdrawal under
          this Plan, by filing such a request in writing with the
          Minor Amendment Committee.  The Minor Amendment
          Committee, in its sole discretion, may approve such a
          request if it finds that the Participant has incurred a
          severe financial hardship occasioned by an emergency,
          including, but not limited to, illness, disability or
          personal injury sustained by the Participant or a member
          of the Participant's immediate family.  If such a request
          is approved, the Participant shall receive amounts
          reasonably necessary to alleviate the financial hardship
          from the value of such Participant's Supplemental Savings
          Plan Account, effective as of the first day of the month
          following the approval of such hardship withdrawal by the
          Minor Amendment Committee.
     
     (b)  Death.  In the event of the death of a Participant prior
          to the date a full distribution has been made from the
          Participant's Supplemental Savings Plan Account, the
          Company shall make distribution of the balance in such
          Account to the Participant's Beneficiary, effective as of
          the January 1 coincident with or next following the date
          of the Participant's death.
     
     (c)  Termination and Retirement.  Unless an effective
          "Participant Election," described below, has been filed
          with the Minor Amendment Committee, the Company shall
          make distribution of the amount credited to a
          Participant's Supplemental Savings Plan Account to the
          Participant, in a single sum, as soon as practical after
          the January 1 coincident with or next following the
          Participant's last day of employment with the Company.  A
          Participant may elect a later distribution date and/or
          distribution in installments by filing a Participant
          Election with the Minor Amendment Committee, specifying
          the date and form of distribution of his or her
          Supplemental Savings Plan Account.  Such election shall
          be effective provided all of the following requirements
          are met:
     
          (1)  the Participant Election is filed with the Minor
               Amendment Committee at least one year prior to the
               date the distribution would otherwise be made;
          
          (2)  unless the date of the initial distribution from
               this Plan pursuant to the Participant Election is
               during the same calendar year as the date of
               distribution would otherwise have been made in the
               absence of such Participant election, the date of
               the initial distribution from this Plan pursuant to
               the Participant Election is at least one year after
               the date the distribution would otherwise have been
               made in the absence of such Participant Election;
               and
          
          (3)  the form of distribution is specified as either a
               single sum payment, or annual installment payments,
               for a specified period of time, not to exceed ten
               years.
          
          A retired or terminated Participant (or Beneficiary of a
          deceased Participant) may, at any time prior or
          subsequent to the commencement of payments under this
          Plan, elect in writing to have his or her form of payment
          of all amounts due under this Plan changed to an
          immediate single sum distribution which shall be paid
          within one (1) business day of receipt by the Company of
          such request; provided that the amount of any such single
          sum distribution shall be reduced by an amount equal to
          the product of (X) the total single sum distribution
          otherwise payable (based on the value of the account as
          of the first day of the month in which the lump-sum
          amount is paid, adjusted by a pro-rata portion of the
          rate of return for the month in which the lump-sum is
          paid, determined by multiplying the actual rate of return
          for such month by a fraction, the numerator of which is
          the number of days in the month prior to the date of
          payment, and the denominator of which is the number of
          days in the month), and (Y) the rate set forth in
          Statistical Release H.15(519), or any successor
          publication, as published by the Board of Governors of
          the Federal Reserve System for one-year U.S. Treasury
          notes under the heading "Treasury Constant Maturities"
          for the first day of the calendar month in which the
          request for a single sum distribution is received by the
          Company.

     Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Plan to the
contrary, the Minor Amendment Committee, may, in its sole
discretion, direct that payments be made before such payments are
otherwise due if, for any reason (including, but not limited to, a
change in the tax or revenue laws of the United States of America,
a published revenue ruling or similar announcement issued by the
Internal Revenue Service, a regulation issued by the Secretary of
the Treasury or his delegate, or a decision by a court of competent
jurisdiction involving a Participant or Beneficiary), it believes
that a Participant or Beneficiary has recognized or will recognize
income for federal income tax purposes with respect to amounts that
are or will be payable under the Plan before they are to be paid.
In making this determination, the Minor Amendment Committee shall
take into account the hardship that would be imposed on the
Participant or Beneficiary by the payment of federal income taxes
under such circumstances.  All distributions under this Plan shall
be in cash paid by check.

     Section 3.6    No Forfeitures of Amounts in a Supplemental
Savings Plan Account.  All credited amounts in the Plan shall be
fully vested.  The Participant shall not forfeit any amount
credited to his or her Supplemental Savings Plan Account even
though such amount would have been forfeited if such amount had
been a Company Contribution under the Base Plan to which it was
attributable.

     Section 3.7    Non-Assignability of Interests.  The interests
herein and the right to receive distributions under this Plan may
not be anticipated, alienated, sold, transferred, assigned,
pledged, encumbered, or subjected to any charge or legal process,
and if any attempt is made to do so, or a Participant becomes
bankrupt, the interests of the Participant under the Plan may be
terminated by the Minor Amendment Committee, which, in its sole
discretion, may cause the same to be held or applied for the
benefit of one or more of the dependents of such Participant or
make any other disposition of such interests that it deems
appropriate.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event a
Participant has received an overpayment from the Supplemental
Retirement Plan of General Mills, Inc. and had failed to repay such
amounts upon written demand of the Company, the Company shall be
authorized and empowered, at the discretion of the Company, to
deduct such amount from the Participant's Deferred Accounts.

     Section 3.8    Supplemental Benefits Trust.  The Company has
established a Supplemental Benefits Trust with Norwest Bank
Minneapolis, N.A. as Trustee to hold assets of the Company under
certain circumstances as a reserve for the discharge of the
Company's obligations under the Plan and certain other plans of
deferred compensation of the Company.  In the event of a Change in
Control as defined in Section 2.5 hereof, the Company shall be
obligated to immediately contribute such amounts to the Trust as
may be necessary to fully fund all benefits payable under the Plan.
Any Participant of the Plan shall have the right to demand and
secure specific performance of this provision.  The Company may
fund the Trust in the event of the occurrence of a Potential Change
in Control as determined by the Finance Committee of the Board.
All assets held in the Trust remain subject only to the claims of
the Company's general creditors whose claims against the Company
are not satisfied because of the Company's bankruptcy or insolvency
(as those terms are defined in the Trust Agreement).  No
Participant has any preferred claim on, or beneficial ownership
interest in, any assets of the Trust before the assets are paid to
the Participant and all rights created under the Trust, as under
the Plan, are unsecured contractual claims of the Participant
against the Company.

                                 
                            ARTICLE IV

                        PLAN ADMINISTRATION

     Section 4.1    Administration.  The Plan shall be administered
by the Minor Amendment Committee.  The Minor Amendment Committee
shall have the authority to interpret the Plan and any such
interpretation shall be final and binding on all parties.  The
Minor Amendment Committee shall have the authority to delegate the
duties and responsibilities of maintaining records, issuing such
regulations as it deems appropriate, and making distributions
hereunder.  The Board, or if specifically delegated, its delegate,
may amend or terminate the Plan at any time, provided that no such
amendment or termination shall adversely affect the amounts
credited to a Supplemental Savings Plan Account before the time of
such amendment or termination unless the Participant becomes
entitled to a benefit equal in value to such amount under another
plan or practice adopted by the Company, and provided, further,
that the Plan may not be amended with respect to benefits accrued
under this Plan prior to such amendment after a Change in Control
without the written consent of a majority of Participants
determined as of the day before such Change in Control.  The
Company will pay for all distributions made pursuant to the Plan
and for all costs, charges and expenses relating to the
administration of the Plan.

     Section 4.2    Applicable Law.  All questions pertaining to
the construction, validity and effect of the Plan shall be
determined in accordance with the laws of the United States of
America and the laws of the State applicable to the Base Plan
covering the Participant.

     Section 4.3    Arbitration.

     (a)  Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to
          this Plan, or any alleged breach of the terms or
          conditions contained herein, shall be settled by
          arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration
          Rules of the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA")
          as such rules may be modified herein.
     
     (b)  An award rendered in connection with an arbitration
          pursuant to this Section shall be final and binding and,
          judgment upon such an award may be entered and enforced
          in any court of competent jurisdiction.
     
     (c)  The forum for arbitration under this Plan shall be
          Minneapolis, Minnesota and the governing law for such
          arbitration shall be laws of the State of Minnesota.
     
     (d)  Arbitration under this Section shall be conducted by a
          single arbitrator selected jointly by the Company and the
          Participant or Beneficiary, as applicable (the
          "Complainant").  If within thirty (30) days after a
          demand for arbitration is made, the Company and the
          Complainant are unable to agree on a single arbitrator,
          three arbitrators shall be appointed.  Each party shall
          select one arbitrator and those two arbitrators shall
          then select a third neutral arbitrator which thirty (30)
          days after their appointment.  In connection with the
          selection of the third arbitrator, consideration shall be
          given to familiarity with executive compensation plans
          and experience in dispute resolution between parties, as
          a judge or otherwise.  If the arbitrators selected by the
          parties cannot agree on the third arbitrator, they shall
          discuss the qualifications of such third arbitrator with
          the AAA prior to selection of such arbitrator, which
          selection shall be in accordance with the Commercial
          Arbitration Rules of the AAA.
     
     (e)  If an arbitrator cannot continue to serve, a successor to
          an arbitrator selected by a party shall be also selected
          by the same party, and a successor to a neutral
          arbitrator shall be selected as specified in subsection
          (d) of this Section.  A full rehearing will be held only
          if the neutral arbitrator is unable to continue to serve
          or if the remaining arbitrators unanimously agree that
          such a rehearing is appropriate.
     
     (f)  The arbitrator or arbitrators shall be guided, but not
          bound, by the Federal Rules of Evidence and by the
          procedural rules, including discovery provisions, of the
          Federal Rules of Civil Procedure.  Any discovery shall be
          limited to information directly relevant to the
          controversy or claim in arbitration.
     
     (g)  The parties shall each be responsible for their own costs
          and expenses, except for the fees and expenses of the
          arbitrators, which shall be shared equally by the Company
          and the Complainant.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.13
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS TRUST AGMT 2-9-87
<TEXT>


                                                 EXHIBIT 10.13


                      GENERAL MILLS, INC.

                  SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS TRUST

                        TRUST AGREEMENT



   This TRUST AGREEMENT, amended and restated as of September 26, 
   
1988, is between General Mills, Inc. (the "Grantor") and

Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A. (formerly known as Norwest Bank

Minneapolis, N.A.) (the "Trustee").

   1.  Purpose.  The purpose of this trust (the "Trust"),

originally established on February 9, 1987, is to provide a

vehicle to (a) hold assets of the Grantor as a reserve for the

discharge of the Grantor's obligations to certain individuals

(the "Beneficiaries") entitled to receive benefits under the

Supplemental Savings Plan of General Mills, Inc., amended and

restated as of January 1, 1986, and any other plan of deferred

compensation that the Grantor so designates in writing to the

Trustee, including those plans designated in Exhibit A attached

hereto and made a part hereof (the "Plans"), and (b) invest,

reinvest, disburse and distribute those assets and the earnings

thereon as provided hereunder and in the Plans.

   2.  Trust Corpus.  The Grantor hereby transfers to the

Trustee and the Trustee hereby accepts and agrees to hold, in

trust, the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00) plus such cash and/or

property, if any, transferred to the Trustee by the Grantor or

on behalf of the Grantor pursuant to obligations incurred under

any or all of the Plans and the earnings thereon, and such cash

and/or property, together with the earnings thereon and

together with any other cash or property received by the

Trustee pursuant to Section 8(a) of this Trust Agreement, shall

constitute the trust estate and shall be held, managed and

distributed as hereinafter provided.  The Grantor shall execute

any and all instruments necessary to vest the Trustee with full

title to the property hereby transferred.

   3.  Grantor Trust.  The Trust is intended to be a trust of

which the Grantor is treated as the owner for federal income

tax purposes in accordance with the provisions of Sections 671

through 679 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended

(the "Code").  If the Trustee, in its sole discretion, deems it

necessary or advisable for the Grantor and/or the Trustee to

undertake or refrain from undertaking any actions (including,

but not limited to, making or refraining from making any

elections or filings) in order to ensure that the Grantor is at

all times treated as the owner of the Trust for federal income

tax purposes, the Grantor and/or the Trustee will undertake or

refrain from undertaking (as the case may be) such actions.

The Grantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Trustee to be its

attorney-in-fact for the purpose of performing any act which

the Trustee, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or

advisable in order to accomplish the purposes and the intent of

this Section 3.  The Trustee shall be fully protected in acting

or refraining from acting in accordance with the provisions of

this Section 3.

   4.  Irrevocability of Trust.  The Trust shall be irrevocable

and may not be altered or amended in any substantive respect,

or revoked or terminated by the Grantor in whole or in part,

without the express written consent of a majority of the

Beneficiaries of the Trust; provided, however, that the Trust

may be amended, as may be necessary either (i) to obtain a

favorable ruling from the Internal Revenue Service with respect

to the tax consequences of the establishment and settlement of

the Trust, or (ii) to make nonsubstantive changes, which have

no effect upon the amount of any Beneficiary's benefits, the

time of receipt of benefits, the identity of any recipient of

benefits, or the reversion of any assets to the Grantor prior

to the Trustee's satisfaction of all the Trustee's obligations

hereunder; provided, further, that in the event of a "Change of

Control" as defined in Section 12.4 of the Retirement Income

Plan of General Mills, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as a

"Change in Control"), the Trust may not be altered or amended

in any substantive respect, or revoked or terminated by the

Grantor's successor unless a majority of the Beneficiaries,

determined as of the day before such Change in Control, agree

in writing to such an alteration, amendment, revocation or

termination.

   5.  Investment of Trust Assets.

       (a) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) below,

until the Trustee has distributed all of the assets of the

Trust in accordance with the terms hereof, the Trustee shall

invest and reinvest such assets (without regard to any state

law limiting the investment powers of fiduciaries) in such

securities and other property as the Trustee deems advisable,

considering the probable income (including capital appreciation

potential) from any such investment, the probable safety of the

assets of the Trust and, where appropriate, the rate of return

at which the assets would have been invested on behalf of each

Beneficiary under any applicable qualified defined contribution

plan maintained by the Grantor.  Within the limitations of the

foregoing, the Trustee is specifically authorized to acquire,

for cash or on credit, every kind of property, real, personal

or mixed, and to make every kind of investment, specifically

including, but not limited to, corporate and governmental

obligations of every kind, preferred or common stocks,

securities of any regulated investment company or trust,

interests in common trust funds now or hereafter established by

a corporate trustee, and property in which the Trustee owns an

undivided interest in any other trust capacity.  The Trustee is

expressly authorized and empowered to purchase such insurance

in its own name (and with itself as the beneficiary) as it

shall determine to be necessary or advisable to advance best

the purposes of the Trust and the interests of the

Beneficiaries.

       (b)  The Trustee shall invest and reinvest the assets of

the Trust in accordance with such investment objectives,

guidelines, restrictions or directions as the Grantor may

furnish to the Trustee at the time of the execution of the

Trust or at any later date; provided, however, that if there is

a Change in Control the Trust's investment objectives,

guidelines, restrictions or directions may not be changed by

the Grantor's successor unless a majority of the Beneficiaries,

determined as of the day before such Change in Control, agree,

in writing, to such a change.

   6.  Distribution of Trust Assets.

       (a) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) below, at

such time as a Beneficiary is entitled to a payment under any

of the Plans, he shall be entitled to receive from the Trust

(i) an amount in cash equal to the amount to which he is

entitled under the Plan or Plans at such time, less (ii) any

payments previously made to him by the Grantor with respect to

such amount pursuant to the terms of the Plans.  The

commencement of payments from the Trust shall be conditioned on

the Trustee's prior receipt of a written instrument from the

Beneficiary in a form satisfactory to the Trustee containing

representations as to (A) the amount to which the Beneficiary

is entitled under the Plans, (B) the fact that he has requested

the payment of such amount from the Grantor pursuant to the

terms of the Plans, (C) the amount, if any, he has received

from the Grantor under the Plans with respect to such amount,

and (D) the amount to be paid him by the Trust (i.e., the

difference between (A) and (C) above).  All payments to a

Beneficiary from the Trust shall be made in accordance with the

provisions of the applicable Plan.  The Trustee shall be fully

protected in making any payment in accordance with the

provisions of this paragraph.

       (b) The Trustee shall make or commence payment to the

Beneficiary in accordance with his representations not later

than 30 business days after its receipt thereof; provided,

however, that before the Trustee makes or commences any such

payment and not later than 7 business days after its receipt of

the Beneficiary's representations, the Trustee shall request in

writing the Grantor's agreement that the Beneficiary's

representations are accurate with respect to the amount, fact,

and time of payment to him.  The Trustee shall enclose with

such request a copy of the Beneficiary's representations and

written advice to the Grantor that it must respond to the

Trustee's request on or before the 20th business day (which

date shall be set forth in such written advice) after the

Beneficiary furnished such representations to the Trustee.  If

the Grantor, in a writing delivered to the Trustee, agrees with

the Beneficiary's representations in all respects, or if the

Grantor does not respond to the Trustee's request by the 20th

day deadline, the Trustee shall make payment in accordance with

the Beneficiary's representations.  If the Grantor advises the

Trustee in writing on or before the 20th day deadline that it

does not agree with any or all of the Beneficiary's

representations, the Trustee immediately shall take whatever

steps it in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including,

but not limited to, a review of any notice furnished by the

Grantor pursuant to paragraph (e) hereof, to attempt to resolve

the difference(s) between the Grantor and the Beneficiary.  If,

however, the Trustee is unable to resolve such difference(s) to

its satisfaction within 60 business days after its receipt of

the Beneficiary's representations, the Trustee shall make

payment at such time and in such form and manner as is allowed

under the Plans as of the date first stated above and as the

Trustee, in its sole discretion, selects.  The Trustee shall be

fully protected in making or refraining from making any payment

in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph.

       (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Trust

Agreement to the contrary, the Trustee shall make payments

hereunder before such payments are otherwise due if it

determines, based on a change in the tax or revenue laws of the

United States of America, a published ruling or similar

announcement issued by the Internal Revenue Service, a

regulation issued by the Secretary of the Treasury or his

delegate, or a decision by a court of competent jurisdiction

involving a Beneficiary, or a closing agreement made under Code

Section 7121 that is approved by the Internal Revenue Service

and involves a Beneficiary, that a Beneficiary has recognized

or will recognize income for federal income tax purposes with

respect to amounts that are or will be payable to him under the

Plans before they are paid to him.

       (d) Unless (contemporaneously with his submission of the

written instrument referred to in paragraph (a) hereof) a

Beneficiary furnishes documentation in form and substance

satisfactory to the Trustee that no withholding is required

with respect to a payment to be made to him from the Trust, the

Trustee may deduct from any such payment any federal, state or

local taxes required by law to be withheld by the Trustee.

       (e) The Trustee shall provide the Grantor with written

confirmation of the fact and time of any commencement of

payments hereunder within 10 business days after any payments

commence to a beneficiary.  The Grantor shall notify the

Trustee in the same manner of any payments it commences to make

to a Beneficiary pursuant to the Plans.

       (f) The Trustee shall be fully protected in making or

refraining from making any payment or any calculations in

accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.

   7.  Termination of the Trust and Reversion of Trust Assets.

The Trust shall terminate upon the first to occur of (i) the

payment by the Grantor of all amounts due the Beneficiaries

under each of the Plans and the receipt by the Trustee of a

valid release to that effect from each of the Beneficiaries

with respect to payments made to him, or (ii) the twenty-first

anniversary of the death of the last survivor of the

Beneficiaries who are in being on the date of the execution of

this Trust Agreement.  Upon termination of the Trust, any and

all assets remaining in the Trust, after the payment to the

Beneficiaries of all amounts to which they are entitled and

after payment of the expenses and compensation in Sections 10

and 15(i) of this Trust Agreement, shall revert to the Grantor

and the Trustee shall promptly take such action as shall be

necessary to transfer any such assets to the Grantor.

Notwithstanding the above, the Grantor shall be obligated to

take whatever steps are necessary to ensure that the Trust is

not terminated for a period of five (5) years following a

Change in Control as of the date of the execution of this Trust

Agreement, such steps to include, but not being limited to, the

transfer to the Trustee of cash or other assets pursuant to the

provisions of Section 8(a) hereof.

   8.  Powers of the Trustee.  To carry out the purposes of the

Trust and subject to any limitations herein expressed, the

Trustee is vested with the following powers until final

distribution, in addition to any now or hereafter conferred by

law affecting the trust or estate created hereunder.  In

exercising such powers, the Trustee shall act in a manner

reasonable and equitable in view of the interests of the

Beneficiaries and in a manner in which persons of ordinary

prudence, diligence, discretion and judgment would act in the

management of their own affairs.

   (a) Receive and Retain Property.  To receive and retain

       any property received at the inception of the Trust or

       at any other time, whether or not such property is

       unproductive of income or is property in which the

       Trustee is personally interested or in which the

       Trustee owns an undivided interest in any other trust

       capacity.

   (b) Dispose of, Develop, and Abandon Assets.  To dispose

       of an asset, for cash or on credit, at public or

       private sale and, in connection with any sale or

       disposition, to give such warranties and

       indemnifications as the Trustee shall determine; to

       manage, develop, improve, exchange, partition, change

       the character of or abandon a Trust asset or any

       interest therein.

   (c) Borrow and Encumber.  To borrow money for any Trust

       purpose upon such terms and conditions as may be

       determined by the Trustee; to obligate the Trust or any

       part thereof by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or

       otherwise, for a term within or extending beyond the

       term of the Trust.

   (d) Lease.  To enter for any purpose into a lease as

       lessor or lessee, with or without an option to purchase

       or renew, for a term.

   (e) Grant or Acquire Options.  To grant or acquire

       options and rights of first refusal involving the sale

       or purchase of any Trust assets, including the power to

       write covered call options listed on any securities

       exchange.

   (f) Powers Respecting Securities.  To have all the

       rights, powers, privileges and responsibilities of an

       owner of securities, including, without limiting the

       foregoing, the power to vote, to give general or

       limited proxies, to pay calls, assessments, and other

       sums; to assent to, or to oppose, corporate sales or

       other acts; to participate in, or to oppose, any voting

       trusts, pooling agreements, foreclosures,

       reorganizations, consolidations, mergers and

       liquidations, and, in connection therewith, to give

       warranties and indemnifications and to deposit

       securities with and transfer title to any protective or

       other committee; to exchange, exercise or sell stock

       subscription or conversion rights; and, regardless of

       any limitations elsewhere in this instrument relative

       to investments by the Trustee, to accept and retain as

       an investment hereunder any securities received through

       the exercise of any of the foregoing powers.

   (g) Use of Nominee.  To hold securities or other

       property in the name of the Trustee, in the name of a

       nominee of the Trustee, or in the name of a custodian

       (or its nominee) selected by the Trustee, with or

       without disclosure of the Trust, the Trustee being

       responsible for the acts of such custodian or nominee

       affecting such property.

   (h) Advance Money.  To advance money for the protection

       of the Trust, and for all expenses, losses and

       liabilities sustained or incurred in the administration

       of the Trust or because of the holding or ownership of

       any Trust assets, for which advances, with interest,

       the Trustee has a lien on the Trust assets as against

       the Beneficiaries.

   (i) Pay, Contest or Settle Claims.  To pay, contest or

       settle any claim by or against the Trust by compromise,

       arbitration or otherwise; to release, in whole or in

       part, any claim belonging to the Trust to the extent

       that the claim is uncollectible.  Notwithstanding the

       foregoing, the Trustee may only pay or settle a claim

       asserted against the Trust by the Grantor if it is

       compelled to do so by a final order of a court of

       competent jurisdiction.

   (j) Litigate.  To prosecute or defend actions, claims or

       proceedings for the protection of Trust assets and of

       the Trustee in the performance of its duties.

   (k) Employ Advisers and Agents.  To employ persons,

       corporations or associations, including attorneys,

       auditors, investment advisers or agents, even if they

       are associated with the Trustee, to advise or assist

       the Trustee in the performance of its administrative

       duties; to act without independent investigation upon

       their recommendations.

   (l) Use Custodian.  If no bank or trust company is

       acting as Trustee hereunder, the Trustee shall appoint

       a bank or trust company to act as custodian (the

       "Custodian") for securities and any other Trust assets.

       Any such appointment shall terminate when a bank or

       trust company begins to serve as Trustee hereunder.

       The Custodian shall keep the deposited property,

       collect and receive the income and principal, and hold,

       invest, disburse or otherwise dispose of the property

       or its proceeds (specifically including selling and

       purchasing securities, and delivering securities sold

       and receiving securities purchased) upon the order of

       the Trustee.

   (m) Execute Documents.  To execute and deliver all

       instruments which will accomplish or facilitate the

       exercise of the powers vested in the Trustee.

   (n) Grant of Powers Limited.  The Trustee is expressly

       prohibited from exercising any powers vested in it

       primarily for the benefit of the Grantor rather than

       for the benefit of the Beneficiaries.  The Trustee

       shall not have the power to purchase, exchange, or

       otherwise deal with or dispose of the assets of the

       Trust for less than adequate and full consideration in

       money or money's worth.

   (o) Deposit Assets.  To deposit Trust assets in

       commercial, savings or savings and loan accounts

       (including such accounts in a corporate Trustee's

       banking department) and to keep such portion of the

       Trust assets in cash or cash balances as the Trustee

       may, from time to time, deem to be in the best

       interests of the Trust, without liability for interest

       thereon.


   9.  Resignation of Trustee and Appointment of Successor

Trustee.  Each Trustee shall have the right to resign upon 30

days' written notice to the Grantor, during which time the

Grantor shall appoint a "Qualified Successor Trustee."  If no

Qualified Successor Trustee accepts such appointment, the

resigning Trustee shall petition a court of competent

jurisdiction for the appointment of a "Qualified Successor

Trustee."  For this purpose, a "Qualified Successor Trustee"

may be an individual or a corporation but may not be the

Grantor, any person who would be a "related or subordinate

party" to the Grantor within the meaning of Section 672(c) of

the Code or a corporation that would be a member of an

"affiliated group" of corporations including the Grantor within

the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Code if the words "80

percent" wherever they appear in that section were replaced by

the words "50 percent."  Upon the written acceptance by the

Qualified Successor Trustee of the trust and upon approval of

the resigning Trustee's final account by those entitled

thereto, the resigning Trustee shall be discharged.

   10. Trustee Compensation.  The Trustee shall be entitled to

receive as compensation for its services hereunder the

compensation (a) as negotiated and agreed to by the Grantor and

the Trustee, or (b) if not negotiated or if the parties are

unable to reach agreement, as allowed a trustee under the laws

of the State of Minnesota in effect at the time such

compensation is payable.  Such compensation shall be paid by

the Grantor; provided, however, that to the extent such

compensation is not paid by the Grantor, subject to the

provisions of Section 15(i) hereof, it shall be charged against

and paid from the Trust and the Grantor shall reimburse the

Trust for any such payment made from the Trust within 30 days

of its receipt from the Trustee of written notice of such

payment.

   11. Trustee's Consent to Act and Indemnification of the

Trustee.  The Trustee hereby grants and consents to act as

Trustee hereunder.  The Grantor agrees to indemnify the Trustee

and hold it harmless from and against all claims, liabilities,

legal fees and expenses that may be asserted against it,

otherwise than on account of the Trustee's own negligence or

willful misconduct (as found by a final judgment of a court of

competent jurisdiction) by reason of the Trustee's taking or

refraining from taking any action in connection with the Trust,

whether or not the Trustee is a party to a legal proceeding or

otherwise.

   12. Prohibition Against Assignment.  No Beneficiary shall

have any preferred claim on, or any beneficial ownership

interest in, any assets of the Trust before such assets are

paid to the Beneficiary as provided in Section 6, and all

rights created under the Trust and the Plans shall be unsecured

contractual rights of the Beneficiary against the Grantor.  No

part of, or claim against, the assets of the Trust may be

assigned, anticipated, alienated, encumbered, garnished,

attached or in any other manner disposed of by any of the

Beneficiaries, and no such part or claim shall be subject to

any legal process or claims of creditors of any of the

Beneficiaries.

   13. Annual Accounting.  The Trustee shall keep accurate and

detailed accounts of all investments, receipts and

disbursements and other transactions hereunder, and, within

ninety days following the close of each calendar year, and

within ninety days after the Trustee's resignation or

termination of the Trust as provided herein, the Trustee shall

render a written account of its administration of the Trust to

the Grantor by submitting a record of receipts, investments,

disbursements, distributions, gains, losses, assets on hand at

the end of the accounting period and other pertinent

information, including a description of all securities and

investments purchased and sold during such calendar year.

Written approval of an account shall, as to all matters shown

in the account, be binding upon the Grantor and shall forever

release and discharge the Trustee from any liability or

accountability.  The  Grantor will be deemed to have given his

written approval if he does not object in writing to the

Trustee within one hundred and twenty days after the date of

receipt of such account from the Trustee.  The Trustee shall be

entitled at any time to institute an action in a court of

competent jurisdiction for a judicial settlement of its

account.

   14. Notices.  Any notice or instructions required under any

of the provisions of this Trust Agreement shall be deemed

effectively given only if such notice is in writing and is

delivered personally or by certified or registered mail, return

receipt requested and postage prepaid, addressed to the

addresses as set forth below of the parties hereto.  The

address of the parties are as follows:


          (i)  The Grantor:

               General Mills, Inc.
               Post Office Box 1113
               Number One General Mills Boulevard
               Minneapolis, MN   55440
               Attention:  Treasurer

         (ii)  The Trustee:

               Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A.
               6th and Marquette Avenue
               Minneapolis, MN   55479-0069
               Attention:  Administrative Officer

The Grantor or Trustee may at any time change the address to

which notices are to be sent to it by giving written notice

thereof in the manner provided above.

   15. Miscellaneous Provisions.

       (a) This Trust Agreement shall be governed by and

construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota

applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein and

the Trustee shall not be required to account in any court other

than one of the courts of such state.

       (b) All section headings herein have been inserted for

convenience of reference only and shall in no way modify,

restrict or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the

terms or provisions of this Trust Agreement.

       (c) This Trust Agreement is intended as a complete and

exclusive statement of the agreement of the parties hereto,

supersedes all previous agreements or understandings among them

and may not be modified or terminated orally.

       (d) The term "Trustee" shall include any successor

Trustee.

       (e) If a Trustee or Custodian hereunder is a bank or

trust company, any corporation resulting from any merger,

consolidation or conversion to which such bank or trust company

may be a party, or any corporation otherwise succeeding

generally to all or substantially all of the assets or business

of such bank or trust company, shall be the successor to it as

Trustee or custodian hereunder, as the case may be without the

execution of any instrument or any further action on the part

of any party hereto.

       (f) If any provision of this Trust Agreement shall be

invalid and unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof

shall subsist and be carried into effect.

       (g) The Plans are by this reference expressly

incorporated herein and made a part hereof with the same force

and effect as if fully set forth at length.  As of the date

first stated above, the terms of the Plans are as set forth in

Exhibit A attached hereto.

       (h) The assets of the Trust shall be subject only to the

claims of the Grantor's general creditors in the event of the

Grantor's bankruptcy or insolvency.  The Grantor shall be

considered "bankrupt" or "insolvent" if the Grantor is (A)

unable to pay its debts when due or (B) engaged as a debtor in

a proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 101

et seq.  The Board of Directors and the chief executive officer

of the Grantor must notify the Trustee of the Grantor's

bankruptcy or insolvency within three (3) days following the

occurrence of such event.  Upon receipt of such a notice, or,

upon receipt of a written allegation from a person or entity

claiming to be a creditor of the Grantor that the Grantor is

bankrupt or insolvent, the Trustee shall discontinue payments

to Beneficiaries.  The Trustee shall, as soon as practicable

after receipt of such notice or written allegation, determine

whether the Grantor is bankrupt or insolvent.  If the Trustee

determines, based on such notice, written allegation, or such

other information as it deems appropriate, that the Grantor is

bankrupt or insolvent, the Trustee shall hold the assets of the

Trust for the benefit of the Grantor's general creditors, and

deliver any undistributed assets to satisfy the claims of such

creditors as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct.  The

Trustee shall resume payments to Beneficiaries only after it

has determined that the Grantor is not bankrupt or insolvent,

is no longer bankrupt or insolvent (if the Trustee determined

that the Grantor was bankrupt or insolvent), pursuant to an

order of a court of competent jurisdiction.  Unless the Trustee

has actual knowledge of the Grantor's bankruptcy or insolvency,

the Trustee shall have no duty to inquire whether the Grantor

is bankrupt or insolvent.  The Trustee may in all events rely

on such evidence concerning the Grantor's solvency as may be

furnished to the Trustee which will give the Trustee a

reasonable basis for making a determination concerning the

Grantor's solvency.

       If the Trustee discontinues payment of benefits from the

Trust pursuant to this Section 15(h) and subsequently resumes

such payments, the first payment following such discontinuance

shall include the aggregate amount of all payments which would

have been made to each Beneficiary (together with interest)

during the period of such discontinuance, less the aggregate

amount of payments made to the Beneficiary by the Grantor in

lieu of the payments provided for hereunder during any such

period of discontinuance.

       (i) Any and all taxes, expenses (including, but not

limited to, the Trustee's compensation) and costs of litigation

relating to or concerning the adoption, administration and

termination of the Trust shall be borne and promptly paid by

the Grantor; provided, however, that, to the extent such taxes,

expenses and costs relating to the Trust are due and owing and

(A) are not paid by the Grantor, and (B) do not in the

aggregate exceed $1,000, they shall be charged against and paid

from the Trust, and the Grantor shall reimburse the Trust for

any such payment made from the Trust within 30 days of its

receipt from the Trustee of written notice of such payment.

       (j) Any reference hereunder to a Beneficiary shall

expressly be deemed to include, where relevant, the

beneficiaries of a Beneficiary duly appointed under the terms

of the Plans.  A Beneficiary shall cease to have such status

once any and all amounts due such Beneficiary under the Plan

have been satisfied.

       (k) Any reference hereunder to the Grantor shall

expressly be deemed to include the Grantor's successor and

assigns.

       (l) Whenever used herein, and to the extent appropriate,

the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall include the

other two genders, the singular shall include the plural and

the plural shall include the singular.



   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this

amended and restated TRUST AGREEMENT as of this 26th day of

September, 1988.



                                   GRANTOR:

                                   GENERAL MILLS, INC.

Attest:

_______________________________    By:_________________________
Name:  Ivy S. Bernhardson          Name:  C. L.Whitehill
Title: Assistant Secretary         Title: Senior Vice President


                                   TRUSTEE:

                                   NORWEST BANK MINNESOTA, N.A.
Attest:

_______________________________    By:_________________________
Name: _________________________    Name:_______________________
Title: ________________________    Title:______________________




                           EXHIBIT A

A.  Deferred Compensation Plan, Amended and Restated as of
    January 1, 1986.

B.  Executive Incentive and Estate Building Program, Amended
    and Restated as of June 1, 1986.

C.  Supplemental Retirement Plan of General Mills,Inc.,
    Amended and Restated effective as of January 1, 1986.

D.  Supplemental Savings Plan of General Mills, Inc., Amended
    and Restated effective as of January 1, 1986.



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS TRUST AGMT 9-26-88
<TEXT>


                                                 EXHIBIT 10.14


                       GENERAL MILLS, INC.

                   SUPPLEMENTAL BENEFITS TRUST

                         TRUST AGREEMENT



   This TRUST AGREEMENT is made as of September 26, 1988, is

between General Mills, Inc. (the "Grantor") and Norwest Bank

Minnesota, N.A. (the "Trustee").

   1.  Purpose.     The purpose of this trust (the "Trust") is

to provide a vehicle to (a) hold assets of the Grantor as a

reserve for the discharge of the Grantor's obligations to

certain individuals (the "Beneficiaries") entitled to receive

benefits under the General Mills, Inc. Compensation Plan for Non-

Employee Directors and the General Mills, Inc. Retirement Plan

for Non-Employee Directors and any other plan of deferred

compensation that the Grantor so designates in writing to the

Trustee (the "Plans"), and (b) invest, reinvest, disburse and

distribute those assets and the earnings thereon as provided

hereunder and in the Plans.

   2.  Trust Corpus.    The Grantor hereby transfers to the

Trustee and the Trustee hereby accepts and agrees to hold, in

trust, the sum of Ten Dollars ($10.00) plus such cash and/or

property, if any, transferred to the Trustee by the Grantor or

on behalf of the Grantor pursuant to obligations incurred under

any or all of the Plans and the earnings thereon, and such cash

and/or property, together with the earnings thereon and together

with any other cash or property received by the Trustee pursuant

to Section 8(a) of this Trust Agreement, shall constitute the

trust estate and shall be held, managed and distributed as

hereinafter provided.  The Grantor shall execute any and all

instruments necessary to vest the Trustee with full title to the

property hereby transferred.

   3.  Grantor Trust.  The Trust is intended to be a trust of

which the Grantor is treated as the owner for federal income tax

purposes in accordance with the provisions of Sections 671

through 679 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended

(the "Code").  If the Trustee, in its sole discretion, deems it

necessary or advisable for the Grantor and/or the Trustee to

undertake or refrain from undertaking any actions (including,

but not limited to, making or refraining from making any

elections or filings) in order to ensure that the Grantor is at

all times treated as the owner of the Trust for federal income

tax purposes, the Grantor and/or the Trustee will undertake or

refrain from undertaking (as the case may be) such actions.  The

Grantor hereby irrevocably authorizes the Trustee to be its

attorney-in-fact for the purpose of performing any act which the

Trustee, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or advisable in

order to accomplish the purposes and the intent of this Section

3.  The Trustee shall be fully protected in acting or refraining

from acting in accordance with the provisions of this Section 3.

   4.  Irrevocability of Trust.  The Trust shall be irrevocable

and may not be altered or amended in any substantive respect, or

revoked or terminated by the Grantor in whole or in part,

without the express written consent of a majority of the

Beneficiaries of the Trust; provided, however, that the Trust

may be amended, as may be necessary either (i) to obtain a

favorable ruling from the Internal Revenue Service with respect

to the tax consequences of the establishment and settlement of

the Trust, or (ii) to make nonsubstantive changes, which have no

effect upon the amount of any Beneficiary's benefits, the time

of receipt of benefits, the identity of any recipient of

benefits, or the reversion of any assets to the Grantor prior to

the Trustee's satisfaction of all the Trustee's obligations

hereunder; provided, further, that in the event of a "Change of

Control" as defined in Section 2.2 of the General Mills, Inc.

Retirement Plan for Non-Employee Directors (hereinafter referred

to as a "Change in Control"), the Trust may not be altered or

amended in any substantive respect, or revoked or terminated by

the Grantor's successor unless a majority of the Beneficiaries,

determined as of the day before such Change in Control, agree in

writing to such an alteration, amendment, revocation or

termination.

   5.  Investment of Trust Assets.

       (a) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) below,

until the Trustee has distributed all of the assets of the Trust

in accordance with the terms hereof, the Trustee shall invest

and reinvest such assets (without regard to any state law

limiting the investment powers of fiduciaries) in such

securities and other property as the Trustee deems advisable,

considering the probable income (including capital appreciation

potential) from any such investment, the probable safety of the

assets of the Trust and, where appropriate, the rate of return

at which the assets would have been invested on behalf of each

Beneficiary under any applicable qualified defined contribution

plan maintained by the Grantor.  Within the limitations of the

foregoing, the Trustee is specifically authorized to acquire,

for cash or on credit, every kind of property, real, personal or

mixed, and to make every kind of investment, specifically

including, but not limited to, corporate and governmental

obligations of every kind, preferred or common stocks,

securities of any regulated investment company or trust,

interests in common trust funds now or hereafter established by

a corporate trustee, and property in which the Trustee owns an

undivided interest in any other trust capacity.  The Trustee is

expressly authorized and empowered to purchase such insurance in

its own name (and with itself as the beneficiary) as it shall

determine to be necessary or advisable to advance best the

purposes of the Trust and the interests of the Beneficiaries.

       (b) The Trustee shall invest and reinvest the assets of

the Trust in accordance with such investment objectives,

guidelines, restrictions or directions as the Grantor may

furnish to the Trustee at the time of the execution of the Trust

or at any later date; provided, however, that if there is a

Change in Control the Trust's investment objectives, guidelines,

restrictions or directions may not be changed by the Grantor's

successor unless a majority of the Beneficiaries, determined as

of the day before such Change in Control, agree, in writing, to

such a change.

   6.  Distribution of Trust Assets.

       (a) Subject to the provisions of paragraph (b) below, at

such time as a Beneficiary is entitled to a payment under any of

the Plans, he shall be entitled to receive from the Trust (i) an

amount in cash equal to the amount to which he is entitled under

the Plan or Plans at such time, less (ii) any payments

previously made to him by the Grantor with respect to such

amount pursuant to the terms of the Plans.  The commencement of

payments from the Trust shall be conditioned on the Trustee's

prior receipt of a written instrument from the Beneficiary in a

form satisfactory to the Trustee containing representations as

to (A) the amount to which the Beneficiary is entitled under the

Plans, (B) the fact that he has requested the payment of such

amount from the Grantor pursuant to the terms of the Plans, (C)

the amount, if any, he has received from the Grantor under the

Plans with respect to such amount, and (D) the amount to be paid

him by the Trust (i.e., the difference between (A) and (C)

above).  All payments to a Beneficiary from the Trust shall be

made in accordance with the provisions of the applicable Plan.

The Trustee shall be fully protected in making any payment in

accordance with the provisions of this paragraph.

       (b) The Trustee shall make or commence payment to the

Beneficiary in accordance with his representations not later

than 30 business days after its receipt thereof; provided,

however, that before the Trustee makes or commences any such

payment and not later than 7 business days after its receipt of

the Beneficiary's representations, the Trustee shall request in

writing the Grantor's agreement that the Beneficiary's

representations are accurate with respect to the amount, fact,

and time of payment to him.  The Trustee shall enclose with such

request a copy of the Beneficiary's representations and written

advice to the Grantor that it must respond to the Trustee's

request on or before the 20th business day (which date shall be

set forth in such written advice) after the Beneficiary

furnished such representations to the Trustee.  If the Grantor,

in a writing delivered to the Trustee, agrees with the

Beneficiary's representations in all respects, or if the Grantor

does not respond to the Trustee's request by the 20th day

deadline, the Trustee shall make payment in accordance with the

Beneficiary's representations.  If the Grantor advises the

Trustee in writing on or before the 20th day deadline that it

does not agree with any or all of the Beneficiary's

representations, the Trustee immediately shall take whatever

steps it in its sole discretion, deems appropriate, including,

but not limited to, a review of any notice furnished by the

Grantor pursuant to paragraph (e) hereof, to attempt to resolve

the difference(s) between the Grantor and the Beneficiary.  If,

however, the Trustee is unable to resolve such difference(s) to

its satisfaction within 60 business days after its receipt of

the Beneficiary's representations, the Trustee shall make

payment at such time and in such form and manner as is allowed

under the Plans as of the date first stated above and as the

Trustee, in its sole discretion, selects.  The Trustee shall be

fully protected in making or refraining from making any payment

in accordance with the provisions of this paragraph.

       (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of the Trust

Agreement to the contrary, the Trustee shall make payments

hereunder before such payments are otherwise due if it

determines, based on a change in the tax or revenue laws of the

United States of America, a published ruling or similar

announcement issued by the Internal Revenue Service, a

regulation issued by the Secretary of the Treasury or his

delegate, or a decision by a court of competent jurisdiction

involving a Beneficiary, or a closing agreement made under Code

Section 7121 that is approved by the Internal Revenue Service

and involves a Beneficiary, that a Beneficiary has recognized or

will recognize income for federal income tax purposes with

respect to amounts that are or will be payable to him under the

Plans before they are paid to him.

       (d) Unless (contemporaneously with his submission of the

written instrument referred to in paragraph (a) hereof) a

Beneficiary furnishes documentation in form and substance

satisfactory to the Trustee that no withholding is required with

respect to a payment to be made to him from the Trust, the

Trustee may deduct from any such payment any federal, state or

local taxes required by law to be withheld by the Trustee.

       (e) The Trustee shall provide the Grantor with written

confirmation of the fact and time of any commencement of

payments hereunder within 10 business days after any payments

commence to a beneficiary.  The Grantor shall notify the Trustee

in the same manner of any payments it commences to make to a

Beneficiary pursuant to the Plans.

       (f) The Trustee shall be fully protected in making or

refraining from making any payment or any calculations in

accordance with the provisions of this Section 6.

   7.  Termination of the Trust and Reversion of Trust Assets.

The Trust shall terminate upon the first to occur of (i) the

payment by the Grantor of all amounts due the Beneficiaries

under each of the Plans and the receipt by the Trustee of a

valid release to that effect from each of the Beneficiaries with

respect to payments made to him, or (ii) the twenty-first

anniversary of the death of the last survivor of the

Beneficiaries who are in being on the date of the execution of

this Trust Agreement.  Upon termination of the Trust, any and

all assets remaining in the Trust, after the payment to the

Beneficiaries of all amounts to which they are entitled and

after payment of the expenses and compensation in Sections 10

and 15(i) of this Trust Agreement, shall revert to the Grantor

and the Trustee shall promptly take such action as shall be

necessary to transfer any such assets to the Grantor.

Notwithstanding the above, the Grantor shall be obligated to

take whatever steps are necessary to ensure that the Trust is

not terminated for a period of five (5) years following a Change

in Control as of the date of the execution of this Trust

Agreement, such steps to include, but not being limited to, the

transfer to the Trustee of cash or other assets pursuant to the

provisions of Section 8(a) hereof.

   8.  Powers of the Trustee.  To carry out the purposes of the

Trust and subject to any limitations herein expressed, the

Trustee is vested with the following powers until final

distribution, in addition to any now or hereafter conferred by

law affecting the trust or estate created hereunder.  In

exercising such powers, the Trustee shall act in a manner

reasonable and equitable in view of the interests of the

Beneficiaries and in a manner in which persons of ordinary

prudence, diligence, discretion and judgment would act in the

management of their own affairs.

   (a) Receive and Retain Property.  To receive and retain

       any property received at the inception of the Trust or

       at any other time, whether or not such property is

       unproductive of income or is property in which the

       Trustee is personally interested or in which the Trustee

       owns an undivided interest in any other trust capacity.

   (b) Dispose of, Develop, and Abandon Assets.  To dispose

       of an asset, for cash or on credit, at public or private

       sale and, in connection with any sale or disposition, to

       give such warranties and indemnifications as the Trustee

       shall determine; to manage, develop, improve, exchange,

       partition, change the character of or abandon a Trust

       asset or any interest therein.

   (c) Borrow and Encumber.  To borrow money for any Trust

       purpose upon such terms and conditions as may be

       determined by the Trustee; to obligate the Trust or any

       part thereof by mortgage, deed of trust, pledge or

       otherwise, for a term within or extending beyond the

       term of the Trust.

   (d) Lease.  To enter for any purpose into a lease as

       lessor or lessee, with or without an option to purchase

       or renew, for a term.

   (e) Grant or Acquire Options.  To grant or acquire

       options and rights of first refusal involving the sale

       or purchase of any Trust assets, including the power to

       write covered call options listed on any securities

       exchange.

   (f) Powers Respecting Securities.  To have all the

       rights, powers, privileges and responsibilities of an

       owner of securities, including, without limiting the

       foregoing, the power to vote, to give general or limited

       proxies, to pay calls, assessments, and other sums; to

       assent to, or to oppose, corporate sales or other acts;

       to participate in, or to oppose, any voting trusts,

       pooling agreements, foreclosures, reorganizations,

       consolidations, mergers and liquidations, and, in

       connection therewith, to give warranties and

       indemnifications and to deposit securities with and

       transfer title to any protective or other committee; to

       exchange, exercise or sell stock subscription or

       conversion rights; and, regardless of any limitations

       elsewhere in this instrument relative to investments by

       the Trustee, to accept and retain as an investment

       hereunder any securities received through the exercise

       of any of the foregoing powers.

   (g) Use of Nominee.  To hold securities or other property

       in the name of the Trustee, in the name of a nominee of

       the Trustee, or in the name of a custodian (or its

       nominee) selected by the Trustee, with or without

       disclosure of the Trust, the Trustee being responsible

       for the acts of such custodian or nominee affecting such

       property.

   (h) Advance Money.  To advance money for the protection

       of the Trust, and for all expenses, losses and

       liabilities sustained or incurred in the administration

       of the Trust or because of the holding or ownership of

       any Trust assets, for which advances, with interest, the

       Trustee has a lien on the Trust assets as against the

       Beneficiaries.

   (i) Pay, Contest or Settle Claims.  To pay, contest or

       settle any claim by or against the Trust by compromise,

       arbitration or otherwise; to release, in whole or in

       part, any claim belonging to the Trust to the extent

       that the claim is uncollectible.  Notwithstanding the

       foregoing, the Trustee may only pay or settle a claim

       asserted against the Trust by the Grantor if it is

       compelled to do so by a final order of a court of

       competent jurisdiction.

   (j) Litigate.  To prosecute or defend actions, claims or

       proceedings for the protection of Trust assets and of

       the Trustee in the performance of its duties.

   (k) Employ Advisers and Agents.  To employ persons,

       corporations or associations, including attorneys,

       auditors, investment advisers or agents, even if they

       are associated with the Trustee, to advise or assist the

       Trustee in the performance of its administrative duties;

       to act without independent investigation upon their

       recommendations.

   (l) Use Custodian.  If no bank or trust company is acting

       as Trustee hereunder, the Trustee shall appoint a bank

       or trust company to act as custodian (the "Custodian")

       for securities and any other Trust assets.  Any such

       appointment shall terminate when a bank or trust company

       begins to serve as Trustee hereunder.  The Custodian

       shall keep the deposited property, collect and receive

       the income and principal, and hold, invest, disburse or

       otherwise dispose of the property or its proceeds

       (specifically including selling and purchasing

       securities, and delivering securities sold and receiving

       securities purchased) upon the order of the Trustee.

   (m) Execute Documents.  To execute and deliver all

       instruments which will accomplish or facilitate the

       exercise of the powers vested in the Trustee.

   (n) Grant of Powers Limited.  The Trustee is expressly

       prohibited from exercising any powers vested in it

       primarily for the benefit of the Grantor rather than for

       the benefit of the Beneficiaries.  The Trustee shall not

       have the power to purchase, exchange, or otherwise deal

       with or dispose of the assets of the Trust for less than

       adequate and full consideration in money or money's

       worth.

   (o) Deposit Assets.  To deposit Trust assets in

       commercial, savings or savings and loan accounts

       (including such accounts in a corporate Trustee's

       banking department) and to keep such portion of the

       Trust assets in cash or cash balances as the Trustee

       may, from time to time, deem to be in the best interests

       of the Trust, without liability for interest thereon.

   9.  Resignation of Trustee and Appointment of Successor

Trustee.  Each Trustee shall have the right to resign upon 30

days' written notice to the Grantor, during which time the

Grantor shall appoint a "Qualified Successor Trustee."  If no

Qualified Successor Trustee accepts such appointment, the

resigning Trustee shall petition a court of competent

jurisdiction for the appointment of a "Qualified Successor

Trustee."  For this purpose, a "Qualified Successor Trustee" may

be an individual or a corporation but may not be the Grantor,

any person who would be a "related or subordinate party" to the

Grantor within the meaning of Section 672(c) of the Code or a

corporation that would be a member of an "affiliated group" of

corporations including the Grantor within the meaning of Section

1504(a) of the Code if the words "80 percent" wherever they

appear in that section were replaced by the words "50 percent."

Upon the written acceptance by the Qualified Successor Trustee

of the trust and upon approval of the resigning Trustee's final

account by those entitled thereto, the resigning Trustee shall

be discharged.

   10. Trustee Compensation.  The Trustee shall be entitled to

receive as compensation for its services hereunder the

compensation (a) as negotiated and agreed to by the Grantor and

the Trustee, or (b) if not negotiated or if the parties are

unable to reach agreement, as allowed a trustee under the laws

of the State of Minnesota in effect at the time such

compensation is payable.  Such compensation shall be paid by the

Grantor; provided, however, that to the extent such compensation

is not paid by the Grantor, subject to the provisions of Section

15(i) hereof, it shall be charged against and paid from the

Trust and the Grantor shall reimburse the Trust for any such

payment made from the Trust within 30 days of its receipt from

the Trustee of written notice of such payment.

   11. Trustee's Consent to Act and Indemnification of the

Trustee.  The Trustee hereby grants and consents to act as

Trustee hereunder.  The Grantor agrees to indemnify the Trustee

and hold it harmless from and against all claims, liabilities,

legal fees and expenses that may be asserted against it,

otherwise than on account of the Trustee's own negligence or

willful misconduct (as found by a final judgment of a court of

competent jurisdiction) by reason of the Trustee's taking or

refraining from taking any action in connection with the Trust,

whether or not the Trustee is a party to a legal proceeding or

otherwise.

   12. Prohibition Against Assignment.  No Beneficiary shall

have any preferred claim on, or any beneficial ownership

interest in, any assets of the Trust before such assets are paid

to the Beneficiary as provided in Section 6, and all rights

created under the Trust and the Plans shall be unsecured

contractual rights of the Beneficiary against the Grantor.  No

part of, or claim against, the assets of the Trust may be

assigned, anticipated, alienated, encumbered, garnished,

attached or in any other manner disposed of by any of the

Beneficiaries, and no such part or claim shall be subject to any

legal process or claims of creditors of any of the

Beneficiaries.

   13. Annual Accounting.  The Trustee shall keep accurate and

detailed accounts of all investments, receipts and disbursements

and other transactions hereunder, and, within ninety days

following the close of each calendar year, and within ninety

days after the Trustee's resignation or termination of the Trust

as provided herein, the Trustee shall render a written account

of its administration of the Trust to the Grantor by submitting

a record of receipts, investments, disbursements, distributions,

gains, losses, assets on hand at the end of the accounting

period and other pertinent information, including a description

of all securities and investments purchased and sold during such

calendar year.  Written approval of an account shall, as to all

matters shown in the account, be binding upon the Grantor and

shall forever release and discharge the Trustee from any

liability or accountability.  The  Grantor will be deemed to

have given his written approval if he does not object in writing

to the Trustee within one hundred and twenty days after the date

of receipt of such account from the Trustee.  The Trustee shall

be entitled at any time to institute an action in a court of

competent jurisdiction for a judicial settlement of its account.

   14. Notices.  Any notice or instructions required under any

of the provisions of this Trust Agreement shall be deemed

effectively given only if such notice is in writing and is

delivered personally or by certified or registered mail, return

receipt requested and postage prepaid, addressed to the

addresses as set forth below of the parties hereto.  The address

of the parties are as follows:


           (i) The Grantor:

               General Mills, Inc.
               Post Office Box 1113
               Number One General Mills Boulevard
               Minneapolis, MN   55440
               Attention:  Treasurer

          (ii) The Trustee:

               Norwest Bank Minnesota, N.A.
               6th and Marquette Avenue
               Minneapolis, MN   55479-0069
               Attention:  Administrative Officer

The Grantor or Trustee may at any time change the address to

which notices are to be sent to it by giving written notice

thereof in the manner provided above.

   15. Miscellaneous Provisions.

       (a) This Trust Agreement shall be governed by and

construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Minnesota

applicable to contracts made and to be performed therein and the

Trustee shall not be required to account in any court other than

one of the courts of such state.

       (b) All section headings herein have been inserted for

convenience of reference only and shall in no way modify,

restrict or affect the meaning or interpretation of any of the

terms or provisions of this Trust Agreement.

       (c) This Trust Agreement is intended as a complete and

exclusive statement of the agreement of the parties hereto,

supersedes all previous agreements or understandings among them

and may not be modified or terminated orally.

       (d) The term "Trustee" shall include any successor

Trustee.

       (e) If a Trustee or Custodian hereunder is a bank or

trust company, any corporation resulting from any merger,

consolidation or conversion to which such bank or trust company

may be a party, or any corporation otherwise succeeding

generally to all or substantially all of the assets or business

of such bank or trust company, shall be the successor to it as

Trustee or custodian hereunder, as the case may be without the

execution of any instrument or any further action on the part of

any party hereto.

       (f) If any provision of this Trust Agreement shall be

invalid and unenforceable, the remaining provisions hereof shall

subsist and be carried into effect.

       (g) The Plans are by this reference expressly

incorporated herein and made a part hereof with the same force

and effect as if fully set forth at length.  As of the date

first stated above, the terms of the Plans are as set forth in

Exhibit A attached hereto.

       (h) The assets of the Trust shall be subject only to the

claims of the Grantor's general creditors in the event of the

Grantor's bankruptcy or insolvency.  The Grantor shall be

considered "bankrupt" or "insolvent" if the Grantor is (A)

unable to pay its debts when due or (B) engaged as a debtor in a

proceeding under the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 101 et

seq.  The Board of Directors and the chief executive officer of

the Grantor must notify the Trustee of the Grantor's bankruptcy

or insolvency within three (3) days following the occurrence of

such event.  Upon receipt of such a notice, or, upon receipt of

a written allegation from a person or entity claiming to be a

creditor of the Grantor that the Grantor is bankrupt or

insolvent, the Trustee shall discontinue payments to

Beneficiaries.  The Trustee shall, as soon as practicable after

receipt of such notice or written allegation, determine whether

the Grantor is bankrupt or insolvent.  If the Trustee

determines, based on such notice, written allegation, or such

other information as it deems appropriate, that the Grantor is

bankrupt or insolvent, the Trustee shall hold the assets of the

Trust for the benefit of the Grantor's general creditors, and

deliver any undistributed assets to satisfy the claims of such

creditors as a court of competent jurisdiction may direct.  The

Trustee shall resume payments to Beneficiaries only after it has

determined that the Grantor is not bankrupt or insolvent, is no

longer bankrupt or insolvent (if the Trustee determined that the

Grantor was bankrupt or insolvent), pursuant to an order of a

court of competent jurisdiction.  Unless the Trustee has actual

knowledge of the Grantor's bankruptcy or insolvency, the Trustee

shall have no duty to inquire whether the Grantor is bankrupt or

insolvent.  The Trustee may in all events rely on such evidence

concerning the Grantor's solvency as may be furnished to the

Trustee which will give the Trustee a reasonable basis for

making a determination concerning the Grantor's solvency.

       If the Trustee discontinues payment of benefits from the

Trust pursuant to this Section 15(h) and subsequently resumes

such payments, the first payment following such discontinuance

shall include the aggregate amount of all payments which would

have been made to each Beneficiary (together with interest)

during the period of such discontinuance, less the aggregate

amount of payments made to the Beneficiary by the Grantor in

lieu of the payments provided for hereunder during any such

period of discontinuance.

       (i) Any and all taxes, expenses (including, but not

limited to, the Trustee's compensation) and costs of litigation

relating to or concerning the adoption, administration and

termination of the Trust shall be borne and promptly paid by the

Grantor; provided, however, that, to the extent such taxes,

expenses and costs relating to the Trust are due and owing and

(A) are not paid by the Grantor, and (B) do not in the aggregate

exceed $1,000, they shall be charged against and paid from the

Trust, and the Grantor shall reimburse the Trust for any such

payment made from the Trust within 30 days of its receipt from

the Trustee of written notice of such payment.

       (j) Any reference hereunder to a Beneficiary shall

expressly be deemed to include, where relevant, the

beneficiaries of a Beneficiary duly appointed under the terms of

the Plans.  A Beneficiary shall cease to have such status once

any and all amounts due such Beneficiary under the Plan have

been satisfied.

       (k) Any reference hereunder to the Grantor shall

expressly be deemed to include the Grantor's successor and

assigns.

       (l) Whenever used herein, and to the extent appropriate,

the masculine, feminine or neuter gender shall include the other

two genders, the singular shall include the plural and the

plural shall include the singular.



   IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this

TRUST AGREEMENT as of this 26th day of September, 1988.



                                     GRANTOR:

                                     GENERAL MILLS, INC.

Attest:

_______________________________      By: _________________________
Name:  Ivy S. Bernhardson            Name:  C. L. Whitehill
Title: Assistant Secretary           Title: Senior Vice President

                                     TRUSTEE:


                                     NORWEST BANK MINNESOTA, N.A.
Attest:

_______________________________      By: _________________________
Name: _________________________      Name: _______________________
Title: ________________________      Title: ______________________





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>1994 FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

                                
               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     Washington, D.C.  20549
                                
                            FORM 10-K
                                
(Mark One)
/X/ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
    SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [FEE REQUIRED]
             
            For the fiscal year ended May 29, 1994
/ / TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
    SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 [NO FEE REQUIRED]
For the transition period from  ..............  to .............
                Commission File Number 1-1185
                                
                                
                       GENERAL MILLS, INC.
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
              Delaware                   41-0274440
  (State or other jurisdiction of     (I.R.S. Employer
   incorporation or organization)    Identification No.)

 Number One General Mills Boulevard
          Minneapolis, MN                  55426
        (Mail: P.O. Box 1113)          (Mail: 55440)
(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)
                         (612) 540-2311
      (Registrant's telephone number, including area code)
                                
   Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                                   Name of each exchange
        Title of each class         on which registered
    Common Stock, $.10 par value  New York Stock Exchange
                                   Midwest Stock Exchange
                                
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:  None
                                
      Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed
all  reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)  of  the
Securities  Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding  12  months
(or  for such shorter period that the Registrant was required  to
file  such  reports),  and (2) has been subject  to  such  filing
requirements for the past 90 days.  Yes     X     No
      Indicate  by check mark if disclosure of delinquent  filers
pursuant  to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained  herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of Registrant's knowledge,
in  definitive  proxy or information statements  incorporated  by
Reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to  this
Form 10-K. [          ]
      Aggregate  market  value  of  Common  Stock  held  by  non-
affiliates  of  the  Registrant, based on the  closing  price  of
$50.375  per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange  on
July 22, 1994:  $7,947.9 million.
      Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of July 22,
1994:   157,775,569  (excluding 46,377,763  shares  held  in  the
treasury).
               DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
  Portions of Registrant's Proxy Statement dated August 19, 1994
    are incorporated by reference into Part III, and portions of
         Registrant's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders
     are incorporated by reference into Parts I, II and IV.


                           PART I
                              
ITEM 1.   BUSINESS.
   General Mills, Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1928.
The Company currently markets consumer goods and services in
two   principal   business   areas:   Consumer   Foods   and
Restaurants.   The  terms  "General  Mills,"  "Company"  and
"Registrant"  mean General Mills, Inc. and its  subsidiaries
unless the context indicates otherwise.

CONSUMER FOODS
   The  Company  is a leading producer of packaged  consumer
foods, including those in the categories set forth below.

   Breakfast Products.    General Mills produces and sells a
number  of  ready-to-eat cereals, including such brands  as:
CHEERIOS, HONEY NUT CHEERIOS, APPLE CINNAMON CHEERIOS, MULTI-
GRAIN CHEERIOS, WHEATIES, WHEATIES HONEY GOLD, LUCKY CHARMS,
CORN  TOTAL, WHEAT TOTAL, TRIX, GOLDEN GRAHAMS,  KIX,  BERRY
BERRY KIX, FIBER ONE, COCOA PUFFS, CRISPY WHEATS 'N RAISINS,
CINNAMON  TOAST  CRUNCH, CLUSTERS, RAISIN  NUT  BRAN,  TOTAL
RAISIN  BRAN,  OATMEAL CRISP, TRIPLES, BASIC  4  and  RIPPLE
CRISP.   In  fiscal  1994, the Company  introduced  SPRINKLE
SPANGLES, HIDDEN TREASURES and REESE'S PEANUT BUTTER PUFFS.

   Desserts  and  Baking Mixes.    General Mills  makes  and
sells  a  line  of  dessert mixes under  the  BETTY  CROCKER
trademark,  including Supermoist layer cakes, CREAMY  DELUXE
ready-to-spread  frosting,  SUPREME  BROWNIE  MIX,   SUPREME
DESSERT BARS, muffin mixes and two new lines, CREAMY CHILLED
DESSERTS and EASY DELICIOUS DESSERTS.  The Company markets a
variety  of  baking mixes under the BISQUICK  trademark  and
sells pouch mixes under the names GOLD MEDAL and ROBIN HOOD.

  Convenience Foods.    General Mills manufactures a line of
BETTY  CROCKER dry packaged dinner mixes under the HAMBURGER
HELPER,  TUNA HELPER, and SKILLET CHICKEN HELPER trademarks.
Also  under  the BETTY CROCKER trademark, the Company  sells
POTATO   BUDS   instant  mashed  potatoes,  POTATO   SHAKERS
flavorings and other potato and pasta specialty mixes,  such
as  SUDDENLY SALAD and BETTY CROCKER au gratin and scalloped
potatoes.  The Company also sells BAC*O'S garnish and  salad
topping.

   Family  Flour,  Bakery Flour and Ingredients.     General
Mills  produces  family flour under the  GOLD  MEDAL  brand,
introduced  in 1880, and regional brands such  as  LA  PINA,
ROBIN  HOOD and RED BAND.  The Company also engages in grain
merchandising,  produces  ingredient  flour   for   internal
requirements  and  sells  flour to bakery,  foodservice  and
manufacturing markets.

  Snack Products and Beverages.    General Mills markets POP
SECRET  microwave popcorn; a line of grain snacks  including
NATURE  VALLEY GRANOLA BARS, DUNKAROOS, FUNDAMIDDLES  and  a
new  lowfat  chewy  granola bar;  a  line  of  fruit  snacks
including FRUIT ROLL-UPS, FRUIT BY THE FOOT, GUSHERS,  SHARK
BITES,  BUGS BUNNY and TASMANIAN DEVIL; and a line of savory
snacks  including BUGLES and new CHEERIOS snack mix and  POP
SECRET  POP  CHIPS.  The Company also produces and  sells  a
line of single-serving fruit juice drinks marketed under the
SQUEEZIT trademark and introduced SQUEEZIT 100, a 100% juice
beverage in fiscal 1994.

   International Food Operations.    General  Mills  Canada,
Inc.   manufactures  and  sells  food  products  in  Canada,
including  BIG G ready-to-eat cereals, BETTY CROCKER  baking
and packaged dinner mixes and snacks and a variety of frozen
seafood  entrees  under  the BLUE  WATER  brand  name.   The
Company also has interests in companies engaged primarily in
flour  milling  operations in Latin America,  licenses  food
products  for  manufacture in Europe  and  the  Asia/Pacific
region,  and exports flour and packaged products  throughout
the world.

   Cereal  Partners Worldwide ("CPW"), the  Company's  joint
venture   with   Nestle,  S.A.  through  various   entities,
initiated   marketing   activities  in   Belgium,   Austria,
Switzerland,  Greece  and  Chile  during  fiscal  1994,  and
continues  to  market breakfast cereals  in  France,  Spain,
Portugal,  Italy,  Ireland,  the  United  Kingdom,   Mexico,
Germany,  the Phillipines, Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore.
The  following products under the umbrella NESTLE  trademark
were introduced into selected markets in fiscal 1994:  TRIO,
CLUSTERS,  NESQUICK,  MULTI-CHEERIOS,  HONEY  NUT  CHEERIOS,
GOLDEN  GRAHAMS, CINI MINIS, CHOCAPIC and TRIX.  The Company
has  a  50%  equity  interest in  CPW.   See  Note  Four  to
Consolidated Financial Statements appearing on  page  25  of
the   Company's   1994   Annual  Report   to   Stockholders,
incorporated herein by reference.

  Snack Ventures Europe ("SVE"), the Company's joint venture
with  PepsiCo, Inc., manufactures and sells snack  foods  in
Holland,  France, Belgium, Spain, Portugal and  Greece,  and
late in fiscal 1994 entered the Italian market.  The Company
has  a  40.5%  equity interest in SVE.   See  Note  Four  to
Consolidated Financial Statements appearing on  page  25  of
the   Company's   1994   Annual  Report   to   Stockholders,
incorporated herein by reference.

  Other.    The Gorton's division sells a variety of seafood
entrees  and  other  products, mostly in frozen  and  canned
form,  under the GORTON'S brand name.  The Gorton's division
also  markets institutional seafood and supplies frozen fish
portions, breadings and coatings to the food service trade.

   Yoplait  USA  manufactures and sells a  line  of  yogurt,
including  YOPLAIT ORIGINAL, YOPLAIT LIGHT,  CUSTARD  STYLE,
LIGHT  CUSTARD STYLE, FAT FREE FRUIT ON THE BOTTOM, TRIX,  a
layered  yogurt for children, YOPLAIT CRUNCH  'N  YOGURT,  a
lowfat yogurt with an overcap of crunchy toppings and CRUNCH
'N  YOGURT  LIGHT,  a  new addition  to  the  Yoplait  line.
Yoplait  USA also markets soft frozen yogurt in food service
channels  and hardpack frozen yogurt and novelties  under  a
licensing  arrangement.   The Colombo  yogurt  business  was
acquired  in  December  1993 and manufactures  and  sells  a
variety of refrigerated cup yogurt, soft frozen yogurt,  and
superpremium  hardpack  frozen  yogurt  products  under  the
COLOMBO brand name.

   The  Foodservice division markets General  Mills  branded
baking mixes, cereals and snacks to the commercial and  non-
commercial sectors, including airlines, schools, restaurants
and food management companies.

  General Mills markets its packaged food products primarily
through   its   own   sales  organizations,   supported   by
advertising and other promotional activities.  Such products
are primarily distributed directly to retail food chains, co-
operatives, membership stores and wholesalers.  Certain food
products,  such  as seafood and some food service  products,
are sold through distributors and brokers.

   The  Company's Consumer Foods business segment is  highly
competitive,  with  numerous competitors of  varying  sizes.
The   principal  methods  of  competition  include   product
quality, advertising, promotion and price.  In most  of  its
consumer  foods lines, General Mills competes not only  with
other  widely  advertised branded products,  but  also  with
generic  products  and  private label  products,  which  are
generally  distributed at lower prices.  The  Company  is  a
major  manufacturer of consumer food products in the  United
States.

RESTAURANTS
   The  Company  operates RED LOBSTER  full-service  seafood
restaurants in the United States and Canada and  is  engaged
in a partnership in Japan operating RED LOBSTER restaurants.
The  Company  also  operates THE OLIVE  GARDEN  full-service
Italian restaurants in the United States and Canada, and has
started  national expansion of CHINA COAST, its full-service
Chinese restaurant concept.

   The Company's Restaurant businesses operate in the highly
competitive casual dining segment, with numerous competitors
of  varying  sizes, and compete on the basis  of  value  and
service.   Restaurant businesses rely on the varied  tastes,
discretionary decisions and available disposable  income  of
individual  consumers.  The Company's  RED LOBSTER  and  THE
OLIVE GARDEN  restaurants  are market share leaders  in  the
United States.

EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
  The executive officers of the Company, together with their
ages and business experience, are set forth below.

   H.B.  Atwater, Jr., age 63, is Chairman of the Board  and
Chief Executive Officer, and has been a director since 1971.
Mr.  Atwater joined the Company in 1958 and was  elected  an
Executive Vice President in 1970, Chief Operating Officer in
1976,  Chief Executive Officer in 1981 and Chairman  of  the
Board in 1982.

   Dean  Belbas, age 62, is Vice President and  Director  of
Investor  Relations.   Mr. Belbas joined  General  Mills  in
1956,  was elected a Vice President in 1977 and was  elected
to his present position in 1979.

   Edward  K.  Bixby,  age  58, is  Senior  Vice  President;
President,    Consumer   Foods   Sales,   with    additional
responsibility  for  Foodservice.   Mr.  Bixby  joined   the
Company  in  1958 and served as General Manager  of  several
Consumer Foods divisions.  Mr. Bixby was elected Senior Vice
President, General Manager, Grocery Products Sales  Division
in 1987, and was named to his present position in 1989.

   Michael  E.  Cushmore, age 54, is Senior Vice  President;
President,  Gold Medal.  Mr. Cushmore joined the Company  in
1966  and was named Vice President, General Manager for  the
Northstar Division in 1983, Chairman of Leeann Chin's, Inc.,
a  former subsidiary of General Mills Restaurants, Inc.,  in
1985,  Vice President, General Manager for the Betty Crocker
Division in 1987 and was elected to his present position  in
1993.

   Stephen R. Demeritt, age 50, is Senior Vice President  of
General  Mills and Chief Executive Officer of CPW,  S.A.,  a
joint  venture  of  General  Mills  and  Nestle,  S.A.   Mr.
Demeritt  joined  the  Company  in  1969  and  was  named  a
Marketing  Director in the Big G Division in 1976, appointed
a  Vice President of the Company in 1983, named President of
General  Mills Canada, Inc. in 1986 and elected Senior  Vice
President  of  General Mills in 1992.  He was named  to  his
present position with CPW, S.A. in 1993.

   Walter  W. Faster, age 60, is Vice President and Director
of  Corporate Growth and Development.  Mr. Faster joined the
Company  in 1963 and was elected Vice President and Director
of Corporate Growth and Development in 1982.

    Jon  L.  Finley,  age  40,  is  Senior  Vice  President;
President,  China Coast.  Mr. Finley joined the  Company  in
1983 and was named President, Yoplait USA in 1991, appointed
a  Vice President of the Company in 1991, named President of
China  Coast in 1992 and was elected to his present position
in 1994.

   Leslie  M.  Frecon,  age  41, is Senior  Vice  President,
Corporate Finance.  Ms. Frecon joined the Company in 1981 as
Manager   of   Acquisitions  and  was  named   Director   of
Acquisitions in 1983, Controller of Foodservice in 1989  and
Controller  of  Sperry  in  1991.   She  was  named  a  Vice
President  of  the Company in 1991 and was  elected  to  her
present position in 1993.

   Charles  W.  Gaillard,  age 53, is  Vice  Chairman,  with
overall  responsibility for Big G, Consumer Foods Sales  and
Yoplait.  Mr. Gaillard was elected a director in 1993.   Mr.
Gaillard joined the Company in 1966, became General  Manager
of  the  Golden  Valley Division and was  appointed  a  Vice
President in 1977.  He was appointed General Manager of  the
Big  G Division in 1979, was elected a Senior Vice President
in  1985,  was  named  Senior Vice President,  International
Foods  in 1988 and was elected Executive Vice President  and
President and Chief Executive Officer of CPW, S.A. in  1989.
He was elected to his present position in 1993.

   Stephen  J. Garthwaite, age 50, is Senior Vice President,
Technology  and  Operations.   Mr.  Garthwaite  joined   the
Company  in  1982 as Vice President, Director  of  Corporate
Research   and  was  named  Vice  President,  Research   and
Development  for  the Betty Crocker Division  in  1986.   He
assumed  the  position  of  Vice  President,  Research   and
Development  for Consumer Foods in 1987, was elected  Senior
Vice  President, Research and Development in  1989  and  was
named  Senior  Vice President, Technology and Operations  in
1990.

   Joe  R.  Lee,  age  53,  is Vice  Chairman  with  overall
responsibility  for Betty Crocker Products, Gorton's,  China
Coast,  Gold  Medal,  Marketing  Services,  Technology   and
Operations, Communications and Public Affairs.  Mr. Lee  was
elected  a director in 1985.  Mr. Lee joined Red Lobster  in
1967  as  a  member of its founding team, and was named  its
President  in  1975.   He was elected a  Vice  President  of
General  Mills in 1976, a Group Vice President in  1979,  an
Executive  Vice  President  in 1981,  named  Executive  Vice
President, Finance and International Restaurants in 1991 and
elected to his present position in 1992.

   Ronald  N. Magruder, age 46, is Executive Vice President;
President,  The Olive Garden - North America.  Mr.  Magruder
joined  Red  Lobster  in 1972 and has served  as  both  Vice
President  of Operations and Vice President of International
Growth  and  Development  for Red  Lobster.   He  was  named
President of Casa Gallardo in 1982, President of York  Steak
House Systems in 1983, President of The Olive Garden in 1987
and  was elected Senior Vice President in 1989 and Executive
Vice President in 1993.

   David  D.  Murphy,  age  42, is  Senior  Vice  President;
President,  General  Mills Canada and  International  Foods.
Mr.  Murphy  joined the Company in 1976, was appointed  Vice
President  of  Marketing Services in 1986  and  subsequently
Vice  President, General Manager of the Minnetonka  Division
in  1988.   He  assumed  overall  responsibility  for  Betty
Crocker  Products  in  1989, when the Minnetonka  and  Betty
Crocker Divisions were merged.  He was elected a Senior Vice
President in 1991, named President of the Big G Division  in
1992  and  named  President  of  General  Mills  Canada  and
International Foods in 1993.

   Sandy J. Navin, age 58, is Vice President and Director of
Taxes.   Mr.  Navin joined General Mills as Tax  Counsel  in
1969, was named Assistant Director of Taxes in 1974 and  was
elected Vice President and Director of Taxes in 1988.

   Jeffrey  J. O'Hara, age 46, is Executive Vice  President;
President,  Red Lobster - North America.  Mr. O'Hara  joined
the  Company  in  1970  and  was  named  Vice  President  of
Marketing and Menu Planning for Red Lobster in 1978.  He was
named  President of The Good Earth in 1981,  Executive  Vice
President  of  Marketing and Development for  General  Mills
Restaurants  in 1984 and President of Red Lobster  in  1986.
He  was  elected Senior Vice President in 1989 and Executive
Vice President in 1993.

   Michael  A.  Peel,  age  44, is  Senior  Vice  President,
Personnel.   Mr.  Peel  joined  the  Company  in  1991  from
PepsiCo, Inc. where he was Senior Vice President, Personnel,
responsible for PepsiCo Worldwide Foods from 1987  to  1991.
He was elected to his present position in 1991.

   Gary  M.  Rodkin,  age  42,  is  Senior  Vice  President;
President,  Yoplait USA.  Mr. Rodkin joined the  Company  in
1979   and  was  named  Vice  President,  Assistant  General
Manager,  Sperry  Division in 1988, Vice President,  General
Manager,  Grain  Snacks and Beverages  in  1989,  President,
General  Mills New Ventures in 1989, President, Yoplait  USA
in 1992 and was elected to his present position in 1994.

   Jeffrey  J.  Rotsch,  age 44, is Senior  Vice  President;
President,  Betty Crocker Products.  Mr. Rotsch  joined  the
Company  in  1974 and was named Vice President, Director  of
Marketing  for  the  Betty Crocker  Divsion  in  1987,  Vice
President, General Manager for Betty Crocker main meals  and
side  dishes in 1989 and was elected to his present position
in 1993.

   Stephen  W. Sanger, age 48, is President and has  been  a
director since 1992.  Mr. Sanger joined the Company in  1974
and  was  named  Vice  President,  General  Manager  of  the
Northstar   Division  in  1983.   He  was   appointed   Vice
President,  General Manager of New Business  Development  in
1986, President of Yoplait USA in 1986, President of the Big
G  Division in 1988, elected Senior Vice President in  1989,
Executive Vice President in 1991, Vice Chairman in 1992  and
President in 1993.

   Blaine  Sweatt,  III, age 47, is Senior  Vice  President;
General Manager, New Business Development, Restaurants.  Mr.
Sweatt  joined  the  Company in  1976  and  was  named  Vice
President,  General  Manager,  The  Olive  Garden  in  1984,
appointed  a  Vice President of the Company in  1989,  named
Vice  President, General Manager, New Business  Development,
Restaurants  in  1991,  named  President  of  New  Business,
Restaurants  in 1992 and elected to his present position  in
1994.

   Kenneth  L.  Thome,  age  46, is Senior  Vice  President,
Financial Operations.  Mr. Thome joined the Company in  1969
and was named Vice President, Controller for Convenience and
International   Foods   Group  in  1985,   Vice   President,
Controller  for International Foods in 1989, Vice President,
Director  of Information Systems in 1991 and was elected  to
his present position in 1993.

   Stephen  H.  Warhover, age 50, is Senior Vice  President;
President,  Gorton's.  Mr. Warhover joined  the  Company  in
1968  and  was appointed Vice President, General Manager  of
the  Betty  Crocker  Division in 1980.  He  was  named  Vice
President,  General  Manager of the Minnetonka  Division  in
1983,  President of the Gorton's Division in  1986  and  was
elected Senior Vice President in 1989.

   Clifford  L. Whitehill, age 63, is Senior Vice President,
General  Counsel  and Secretary.  Mr. Whitehill  joined  the
Company  in  1962 as an attorney in the Law Department.   He
was  appointed  Assistant General Counsel in  1968,  elected
Vice  President  in  1971, named General  Counsel  in  1975,
elected  Senior Vice President in 1981 and elected Secretary
in 1983.

   Mark  H.  Willes, age 53, is Vice Chairman, with  overall
responsibility  for  International  Foods,  Cereal  Partners
Worldwide,   Red   Lobster   Japan,   Restaurant    Business
Development,  Corporate Finance, Financial  Operations,  Law
and  Investor Relations.  Mr. Willes joined the  Company  as
Executive  Vice  President and Chief  Financial  Officer  in
1980.   He  was elected President and became a  director  in
1985 and was elected to his present position in 1992.

GENERAL
   Trademarks  and  Patents.   The  Company's  products  are
marketed  and  businesses  operated  under  trademarks   and
service   marks  owned  by  or  licensed  to  the   Company.
Trademarks  and  service marks are vital  to  the  Company's
business.  The most significant trademarks and service marks
of  the  Company  are  contained  in  the  business  segment
discussions above.

   The  Company considers that, taken as a whole, the rights
under  its various patents, which expire from time to  time,
are  a valuable asset, but the Company does not believe that
its  businesses  are materially dependent  upon  any  single
patent   or   group  of  related  patents.   The   Company's
activities under licenses or other franchises or concessions
are not material.

   Raw Materials and Supplies.   The principal raw materials
used  by  General  Mills are cereal grains,  sugar,  fruits,
other  agricultural products, vegetable oils, fish for  food
products,  and  plastic and paper for  packaging  materials.
Although  General  Mills has some long-term  contracts,  the
bulk of such raw materials are purchased on the open market.
Although prices of most raw materials will probably increase
over  the long term, General Mills believes that it will  be
able  to  obtain  an adequate supply of such raw  materials.
Occasionally and where possible, General Mills makes advance
purchases  of  commodities significant to  its  business  in
order  to  ensure continuity of operations.  In many  cases,
the  Company also seeks to protect itself from basic  market
price  fluctuations  of  certain  commodities  (grains   and
vegetable oil) through hedging transactions.

   Capital  Expenditures.   During the  three  fiscal  years
ended  May  29, 1994, General Mills expended $1,879  million
for capital expenditures, not including the cost of acquired
companies.  The Company expects to spend approximately  $525
million for such purposes in fiscal 1995.

    Research  and  Development.    The  main  research   and
development  facilities are located at the James  Ford  Bell
Technical  Center  in Golden Valley (suburban  Minneapolis),
Minnesota.  With a staff of approximately 740, the Center is
responsible  for most of the food research for the  Company.
Approximately one-half of the staff hold degrees in  various
chemical, biological and engineering sciences.  Research and
development expenditures (all Company-sponsored) amounted to
$63.6  million in fiscal 1994, $60.1 million in fiscal  1993
and  $62.1 million in fiscal 1992.  General Mills'  research
and   development  resources  are  focused  on  new  product
development,   product  improvement,  process   design   and
improvement,  packaging  and  exploratory  research  in  new
business areas.

    Employees.    At  May  29,  1994,  General   Mills   had
approximately 125,700 employees.

   Environmental Matters.   As of June 30, 1994, the Company
has  received  notices  advising it  that  there  have  been
releases  or threatened releases of hazardous substances  or
wastes  at  10  sites,  and alleging  that  the  Company  is
potentially  responsible for cleaning up those sites  and/or
paying certain costs in connection with those sites.   These
matters   involve  several  different  procedural  contexts,
including  litigation initiated by governmental  authorities
and/or private parties, administrative proceedings commenced
by   regulatory  agencies,  and  demand  letters  issued  by
regulatory  agencies  and/or private parties.   The  Company
recognizes that its potential exposure with respect  to  any
of  these  sites may be joint and several, but has concluded
that  its probable aggregate exposure is not material.  This
conclusion is based upon, among other things, the  Company's
payments  and/or  accruals with respect to  each  site;  the
number, ranking, and financial strength of other potentially
responsible  parties identified at each of  the  sites;  the
status  of  the  proceedings, including  various  settlement
agreements, consent decrees or court orders; allocations  of
volumetric  waste contributions and allocations of  relative
responsibility   among   potentially   responsible   parties
developed  by  regulatory agencies and by  private  parties;
remediation   cost   estimates  prepared   by   governmental
authorities  or  private  technical  consultants;  and   the
Company's historical experience in negotiating and  settling
disputes with respect to similar sites.

   Based  on current facts and circumstances, General  Mills
believes  that neither the results of these proceedings  nor
its  compliance  in  general  with  environmental  laws   or
regulations  will  have a material effect upon  the  capital
expenditures,  earnings  or  competitive  position  of   the
Company.

   Segment Information.   For financial information relating
to  industry  segments  of General  Mills  and  foreign  and
domestic   operations  and  sales,  see  Note  Eighteen   to
Consolidated Financial Statements appearing on  page  32  of
the   Company's   1994   Annual  Report   to   Stockholders,
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES.
    The  Company's  principal  executive  offices  and  main
research  laboratory are Company-owned and  located  in  the
Minneapolis,  Minnesota metropolitan  area.   General  Mills
operates  numerous  manufacturing facilities  and  maintains
many  sales and administrative offices and warehouses mainly
in the United States.  Other facilities are also operated in
Canada.

  General Mills operates ten major consumer foods plants for
the   production   of  cereal  products,   prepared   mixes,
convenience foods and other food products.  These facilities
are  located at Albuquerque, New Mexico; Buffalo, New  York;
Cedar   Rapids,  Iowa;  Chicago,  Illinois  (2);  Covington,
Georgia;  Lodi,  California; St. Charles, Illinois;  Toledo,
Ohio;  and Etobicoke, Canada.  The Company owns seven  flour
mills located at Avon, Iowa; Buffalo, New York; Great Falls,
Montana;  Johnson  City, Tennessee; Kansas  City,  Missouri;
Vallejo,  California; and Vernon, California.   The  Company
operates  seven  terminal grain elevators  and  has  country
grain  elevators  in 27 locations, primarily  in  Idaho  and
Montana.

  General Mills also has seven seafood processing facilities
and  ten other food and beverage production facilities  with
total  floor  space  of approximately 771,000  square  feet,
including  212,000  square feet of  leased  space.   General
Mills  also  owns  or  leases  warehouse  space  aggregating
approximately  6,388,000 square feet, of which approximately
3,772,000  square feet are leased.  A number  of  sales  and
administrative offices are maintained in the  United  States
and Canada, totaling 1,528,000 square feet.

   The Company operates 1,158 restaurants, including 675 RED
LOBSTER,   458   THE  OLIVE  GARDEN  and  25   CHINA   COAST
restaurants, in the following locations:

Alabama (17)      Iowa (7)           Nevada (8)           South Dakota (3)
Arizona (21)      Kansas (10)        New Hampshire (3)    Tennessee (24)
Arkansas (8)      Kentucky (13)      New Jersey (22)      Texas (110)        
California (116)  Louisiana (10)     New Mexico (6)       Utah (8)    
Colorado (20)     Maine (5)          New York (40)        Vermont (1)    
Connecticut (10)  Maryland (14)      North Carolina (23)  Virginia (31) 
Delaware (4)      Massachusetts (4)  North Dakota (4)     Washington (16)
Florida (121)     Michigan (46)      Ohio (65)            West Virginia (3)
Georgia (36)      Minnesota (18)     Oklahoma (13)        Wisconsin (20)
Hawaii (2)        Mississippi (4)    Oregon (10)          Wyoming (1)        
Idaho (2)         Missouri (26)      Pennsylvania (42)   
Illinois (49)     Montana (2)        Rhode Island (3)     
Indiana (38)      Nebraska (6)       South Carolina (14)  Canada (79)
                         
   The  Company  is  also  engaged in  a  partnership  which
operates 48 RED LOBSTER restaurants in Japan.

ITEM 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.
    In  management's  opinion,  there  were  no  claims   or
litigation  pending at June 30, 1994, the outcome  of  which
could   have   a  significant  effect  on  the  consolidated
financial   position  of  General  Mills,   Inc.   and   its
subsidiaries.   The  Company  has  received  several   state
consumer  class  action  lawsuits  in  connection  with  the
improper  substitution by an independent  contractor  of  an
unapproved  pesticide to treat some of the Company's  stored
oat  supplies during fiscal 1994.  The Federal Food and Drug
Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency  have
stated  that there is no health issue associated  with  this
matter.  The Company believes the cases to be without merit,
and  any cost to the Company is not expected to be material.
See  the  information contained under the  section  entitled
"Environmental   Matters,"  supra,  for  a   discussion   of
environmental matters in which the Company is involved.

ITEM  4.    SUBMISSION  OF MATTERS TO  A  VOTE  OF  SECURITY
            HOLDERS. - Not applicable.

                           PART II

ITEM  5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
           STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.
    The  information  relating  to  the  market  prices  and
dividends  of the Company's common stock contained  in  Note
Nineteen  to Consolidated Financial Statements appearing  on
page  32 of Registrant's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders,
is  incorporated herein by reference.  As of July 22,  1994,
the  number  of record holders of common stock  was  45,694.
The Company's common stock ($.10 par value) is listed on the
New York and Midwest Stock Exchanges.

ITEM 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA.
   The  information  for  fiscal  years  1990  through  1994
contained  in the Eleven-Year Financial Summary As  Reported
and the Financial Data for Continuing Operations on page  33
of  Registrant's  1994  Annual Report  to  Stockholders,  is
incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM  7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
           CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION.
    The  information  set  forth  in  the  section  entitled
"Management   Discussion  of  Results  of   Operations   and
Financial  Condition" on pages 17 through 19 of Registrant's
1994  Annual Report to Stockholders, is incorporated  herein
by reference.

ITEM 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.
   The  information on pages 20 through 32  of  Registrant's
1994  Annual Report to Stockholders, is incorporated  herein
by reference.

ITEM  9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS  ON
           ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. - Not applicable.

                          PART III

ITEM   10.    DIRECTORS  AND  EXECUTIVE  OFFICERS   OF   THE
              REGISTRANT.
    The   information  contained  in  the  sections entitled
"Information  Concerning  Nominees"   and  "Compliance  with
Section 16(a)  of  the  Securities  Exchange  Act  of  1934" 
contained in Registrant's definitive  proxy  materials dated  
August 19, 1994, is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.
   The  information contained in the section entitled "Board
Compensation  and  Benefits" and  pages  23  through  29  of
Registrant's  definitive proxy materials  dated  August  19,
1994  are incorporated herein by reference.  The information
appearing   under   the  heading  "Report  of   Compensation
Committee  on  Executive Compensation" is  not  incorporated
herein.

ITEM  12.   SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL  OWNERS
            AND MANAGEMENT.
   The  information contained in the section entitled "Share
Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers" contained  in
Registrant's  definitive proxy materials  dated  August  19,
1994 is incorporated herein by reference.

ITEM 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.  -
          Not Applicable.


The Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended  May  29,  1994, at the time of its  filing  with  the
Securities   and  Exchange  Commission,  shall  modify   and
supersede all prior documents filed pursuant to Sections 13,
14  and 15(d) of the 1934 Act for purposes of any offers  or
sales  of  any  securities after the  date  of  such  filing
pursuant  to any Registration Statement or Prospectus  filed
pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 which incorporates by
reference such Annual Report on Form 10-K.
                      

                      AUDITORS' REPORT
 
The Stockholders and the Board of Directors
General Mills, Inc.:

    Under  date  of  July  29,  1994,  we  reported  on  the
consolidated  balance  sheets of  General  Mills,  Inc.  and
subsidiaries  as of May 29, 1994 and May 30,  1993  and  the
related  consolidated statements of earnings and cash  flows
for  each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended
May  29,  1994,  as contained in the 1994 annual  report  to
stockholders.   These consolidated financial statements  and
our  report  thereon are incorporated by  reference  in  the
annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 29,
1994.   In  connection with our audits of the aforementioned
consolidated financial statements, we have also audited  the
related  financial  statement schedules  as  listed  in  the
accompanying index.  These financial statement schedules are
the   responsibility  of  the  Company's  management.    Our
responsibility  is to express an opinion on these  financial
statement schedules based on our audits.
   In  our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when
considered  in relation to the basic consolidated  financial
statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material
respects, the information set forth therein.
   Our  report  covering  the basic  consolidated  financial
statements refers to changes in the method of accounting for
postemployment benefits and for income taxes.
                              
                              KPMG Peat Marwick

Minneapolis, Minnesota
July 29, 1994




                      AUDITORS' CONSENT
  
The Board of Directors
General Mills, Inc.:

    We   consent  to  incorporation  by  reference  in   the
Registration Statements (Nos. 2-49637, 2-91893, 33-15323, 33-
37474,  33-39927 and 33-56032) on Form S-3 and  Registration
Statements  (Nos.  2-13460, 2-53523,  2-66320,  2-91987,  2-
95574, 33-24504, 33-27628, 33-32059, 33-36892, 33-36893, 33-
51070  and 33-50337) on Form S-8 of General Mills,  Inc.  of
our   reports   dated  July  29,  1994,  relating   to   the
consolidated  balance  sheets of  General  Mills,  Inc.  and
subsidiaries  as of May 29, 1994 and May 30,  1993  and  the
related consolidated statements of earnings, cash flows  and
related financial statement schedules for each of the fiscal
years  in  the three-year period ended May 29,  1994,  which
reports are included or incorporated by reference in the May
29, 1994 annual report on Form 10-K of General Mills, Inc.
   Our  report  covering  the basic  consolidated  financial
statements refers to changes in the method of accounting for
postemployment benefits and for income taxes.
                              
                              KPMG Peat Marwick

Minneapolis, Minnesota
August 22, 1994


                           PART IV
                              
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS
         ON FORM 8-K.
(A)  1.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS:
     
     Consolidated  Statements  of Earnings  for  the  Fiscal
     Years Ended May 29, 1994, May 30, 1993 and May 31, 1992
     (incorporated  herein by reference to page  21  of  the
     Registrant's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders).
     
     Consolidated Balance Sheets at May 29, 1994 and May 30,
     1993  (incorporated herein by reference to page  22  of
     the Registrant's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders).
     
     Consolidated  Statements of Cash Flows for  the  Fiscal
     Years Ended May 29, 1994, May 30, 1993 and May 31, 1992
     (incorporated  herein by reference to page  23  of  the
     Registrant's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders).
     
     Notes     to    Consolidated    Financial    Statements
     (incorporated herein by reference to pages  24  through
     32   of   the   Registrant's  1994  Annual  Report   to
     Stockholders).
     
     2.   FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES:

     For  the Fiscal Years Ended May 29, 1994, May 30,  1993
     and May 31, 1992:
     
                V -  Property, Plant and Equipment
               VI -  Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
                     of Property, Plant and Equipment
             VIII -  Valuation and Qualifying Accounts
               IX -  Short-Term Borrowings
                X -  Supplementary Income Statement Information

     3.   EXHIBITS:

            3.1  - Copy of Registrant's Restated Certificate of 
                   Incorporation, as amended to date (incorporated  
                   herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant's 
                   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended  
                   May 31, 1992).
            3.2  - Copy of Registrant's By-Laws, as amended to date.
            4    - Copy of Indenture between Registrant and Continental  
                   Illinois National Bank and Trust Company of Chicago, 
                   as amended to date by Supplemental Indentures Nos. 1  
                   through 8 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4
                   to Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the 
                   fiscal year ended May 31, 1992 and to Exhibit 4(b) to 
                   Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed 
                   January 8, 1993).
          *10.1  - Copy of Stock Option and Long-Term Incentive Plan of 
                   1988, as amended to date.
          *10.2  - Copy of Stock Option and Long-Term Incentive Plan of 
                   1984, as amended to date.
          *10.3  - Copy of Stock Option and Long-Term Incentive Plan of 
                   1980, as amended to date (incorporated herein by 
                   reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant's Annual 
                   Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 
                   1992).
          *10.4  - Copy of Executive Incentive Plan, as amended to date 
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to  
                   Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  
                   year ended May 30, 1993).
          *10.5  - Copy of Management Continuity Agreement, as amended to date.
          *10.6  - Copy of Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended to date.
          *10.7  - Copy of Executive Survivor Income Plan, as amended to date  
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to
                   Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal 
                   year ended May 26, 1991).
          *10.8  - Copy of Executive Health Plan, as amended to date 
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to  
                   Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  
                   year ended May 26, 1991).
          *10.9  - Copy of Supplemental Savings Plan, as amended to date.
           10.10 - Copy of Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors,  
                   as amended to date (incorporated herein by reference  
                   to Exhibit 10.10 to Registrant's Annual Report on 
                   Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 1992).
           10.11 - Copy of Retirement Plan for Non-Employee Directors,   
                   as amended to date (incorporated herein by reference  
                   to Exhibit 10.11 to Registrant's Annual Report on 
                   Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 30, 1993).
          *10.12 - Copy of Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended to date 
                   (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to  
                   Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal  
                   year ended May 30, 1993).
          *10.13 - Copy of Supplemental Benefits Trust Agreement dated 
                   February 9, 1987, as amended and restated as of 
                   September 26, 1988.
          *10.14 - Copy of Supplemental Benefits Trust Agreement dated 
                   September 26, 1988.
           10.15 - Agreements dated November 29, 1989 by and between 
                   General Mills, Inc. and Nestle, S.A. (incorporated 
                   herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Registrant's 
                   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
                   May 27, 1990).
           10.16 - Copy of Protocol and Addendum No. 1 to Protocol of 
                   Cereal Partners Worldwide (incorporated herein by 
                   reference to Exhibit 10.17 to Registrant's Annual 
                   Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended 
                   May 26, 1991).
           10.17 - Copy of Stock Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as   
                   amended to date (incorporated herein by reference  
                   to Exhibit 10.17 to Registrant's Annual Report on 
                   Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31, 1992).
          *10.18 - Copy of 1990 Salary Replacement Stock Option Plan, 
                   as amended to date.
           10.19 - Copy of Addendum No. 2 dated March 16, 1993 to 
                   Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide (incorporated 
                   herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to Registrant's 
                   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended  
                   May 30, 1993).
           10.20 - Copy of Agreement dated July 31, 1992 by and between 
                   General Mills, Inc. and PepsiCo, Inc.(incorporated 
                   herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to Registrant's 
                   Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
                   May 30, 1993).
          *10.21 - Copy of Stock Option and Long-Term Incentive Plan of 
                   1993, as amended to date.
           11    - Statement of Determination of Common Shares and Common 
                   Share Equivalents (contained on page 19 of this Report).
           12    - Statement of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges 
                   (contained on page 20 of this Report).
           13    - 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders (only those portions 
                   expressly incorporated by reference herein shall be 
                   deemed filed with the Commission).
           21    - List of Subsidiaries of General Mills, Inc.
           23    - Consent of KPMG Peat Marwick (contained on page 9 of 
                   this Report).


(B)  REPORTS ON FORM 8-K. - Not applicable.
* Items that are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements 
  required to be filed as an exhibit pursuant to Item 14(c) of Form 10-K.
                         
                         SIGNATURES
     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly
caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                   GENERAL MILLS, INC.

Dated: August 22, 1994
                                   By: /s/ C. L. WHITEHILL
                                      C. L. Whitehill
                                   Senior Vice President,
                                   General Counsel and Secretary


PURSUANT TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
THIS REPORT HAS BEEN SIGNED BELOW BY THE FOLLOWING PERSONS ON BEHALF 
OF THE REGISTRANT AND IN THE CAPACITIES AND ON THE DATES INDICATED.

     SIGNATURE               TITLE                     DATE


/s/ H.B. ATWATER, JR.    Chairman of the Board and   August 2, 1994
(H.B. Atwater, Jr.)       Chief Executive Officer


/s/ R.M. BRESSLER        Director                    August 3, 1994
(Richard M. Bressler)


/s/ L. DE SIMONE         Director                    August 4, 1994
(Livio D. DeSimone)


/s/ W.T. ESREY           Director                    August 2, 1994
(William T. Esrey)


/s/ C. W. GAILLARD       Director,                   August 2, 1994
(Charles W. Gaillard)     Vice Chairman


/s/ JUDITH R. HOPE       Director                    August 2, 1994
 Judith R. Hope)


/s/ JOE R. LEE           Director,                   August 9, 1994
   (Joe R. Lee)           Vice Chairman


/s/ KENNETH MACKE        Director                    August 2, 1994
 (Kenneth A. Macke)


/s/ GEORGE PUTNAM        Director                    August 3, 1994
  (George Putnam)
     

/s/ M.D. ROSE            Director                    August 3, 1994
 (Michael D. Rose)


/s/ S.W. SANGER          Director,                   August 16, 1994
(Stephen W. Sanger)       President


/s/ A. MICHAEL SPENCE    Director                    August 8, 1994
(A. Michael Spence)


/s/ Mark H. WILLES       Director,                   August 8, 1994
  (Mark H. Willes)        Vice Chairman


/s/ C. ANGUS WURTELE     Director                    August 4, 1994
 (C. Angus Wurtele)


/s/ KENNETH L. THOME     Senior Vice President,      August 3, 1994
 (Kenneth L. Thome)       Financial Operations



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
             GENERAL MILLS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
          SCHEDULE V - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                         (in millions)
                               
     Column A        Column B     Column C      Column D       Column E      Column F
                                                                Other
                     Balance at                                changes       Balance
                     beginning    Additions                      add        at end of
Description          of period     at cost   Retirements(a)   (deduct)(b)    period

<S>                  <C>            <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>
Year ended 
May 29, 1994:
 Land                $  302.3       $ 60.1        $   .7       $  (.8)      $  360.9
 Buildings            1,452.6        216.5           9.5         (4.0)       1,655.6
 Equipment            2,048.1        419.3          94.1           .5        2,373.8
 Construction in        436.5       (136.4)           _           (.6)         299.5 
  progress                                                 
     Total           $4,239.5       $559.5        $104.3       $ (4.9)      $4,689.8
 
Year ended 
May 30, 1993:
 Land                $  253.9       $ 58.7        $  9.7       $  (.6)      $  302.3
 Buildings            1,302.2        218.3          66.4         (1.5)       1,452.6
 Equipment            1,903.2        308.4         167.1          3.6        2,048.1
 Construction in        450.0         38.4          55.5          3.6          436.5
  progress  
     Total           $3,909.3       $623.8        $298.7       $  5.1       $4,239.5
 
Year ended 
May 31, 1992:
 Land                $  215.2       $ 41.2        $  1.6       $  (.9)      $  253.9
 Buildings            1,116.6        198.0          10.2         (2.2)       1,302.2
 Equipment            1,701.6        307.8         107.3          1.1        1,903.2      
 Construction in        303.7        148.3           2.0           -           450.0    
  progress        
     Total           $3,337.1       $695.3        $121.1       $ (2.0)      $3,909.3
 
<FN>
Notes:
(a)  Gross book value retired or sold.  Fiscal 1993 includes assets 
     contributed to Snack Ventures Europe.
(b)  Includes changes in dollar value of foreign assets due to foreign 
     currency translation and the fiscal 1994 Colombo yogurt acquisition.
</FN>
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
             GENERAL MILLS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
     SCHEDULE VI - ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION, DEPLETION AND
         AMORTIZATION OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                         (in millions)
                               
<CAPTION>                               
Column A             Column B     Column C      Column D       Column E      Column F
                                  Additions                     Other
                    Balance at    charged to                   changes        Balance
                    beginning     costs and    Retirements       add         at end of
Description         of period     expenses(a)     (b)         (deduct)(c)     period

<S>                  <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>          <C>
Year ended 
May 29, 1994:
 Buildings           $  366.7      $ 74.0        $  4.6        $(1.9)       $  434.2
 Equipment            1,013.2       223.8          71.0         (3.0)        1,163.0
     Total           $1,379.9      $297.8        $ 75.6        $(4.9)       $1,597.2
 
Year ended 
May 30, 1993:
 Buildings           $  336.8      $ 64.1        $ 35.1        $  .9        $  366.7
 Equipment              923.9       206.7         120.6          3.2         1,013.2
     Total           $1,260.7      $270.8        $155.7        $ 4.1        $1,379.9
 
Year ended 
May 31, 1992:
 Buildings           $  289.1      $ 54.4        $  7.0        $  .3        $  336.8
 Equipment              806.7       187.6          72.0          1.6           923.9
     Total           $1,095.8      $242.0        $ 79.0        $ 1.9        $1,260.7
 
<FN>
Notes:
(a)  See  Note One (B) of Notes to Consolidated  Financial Statements  
     contained in  the  Registrant's 1994 Annual Report to Stockholders.
(b)  Accumulated depreciation removed due to retirement or sale.    
     Fiscal 1993 includes accumulated depreciation related to assets 
     contributed to Snack Ventures Europe.
(c)  Changes in dollar value of foreign assets due to changes in foreign 
     currency translation.
</FN>
</TABLE>
<PAGE>
<TABLE>
             GENERAL MILLS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
       SCHEDULE VIII - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                          (in millions)
                               
<CAPTION>
     Column A             Column B     Column C     Column D      Column E
                                       Additions
                         Balance at    charged to   Deductions    Balance
                         beginning     costs and      from       at end of
Description              of period     expenses      reserves      period

Allowance for possible 
losses on accounts 
receivable:
<S>                        <C>          <C>          <C>           <C>
Year ended May 29, 1994    $4.3         $  .8        $ .9 (a)      $4.4
                                                      (.2)(b)
 
    Total                  $4.3         $  .8        $ .7          $4.4
 
Year ended May 30, 1993    $6.4         $  .9        $2.5 (a)      $4.3
                                                       .5 (b)
 
    Total                  $6.4         $  .9        $3.0          $4.3
 
Year ended May 31, 1992    $6.0         $ 1.9        $1.6 (a)      $6.4
                                                      (.1)(b)
 
    Total                  $6.0         $ 1.9        $1.5          $6.4
 
<FN>
Notes:
(a)   Bad debt write-offs.
(b)   Other adjustments and reclassifications.
</FN>
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
             GENERAL MILLS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
              SCHEDULE IX - SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
                         (in millions)
                               
<CAPTION>
                               
     Column A               Column B      Column C     Column D      Column E      Column F
                                                       Maximum                     Weighted
                                          Weighted     amount                       daily
                            Balance at    average      outstanding   Average        average
                               end        interest      (at any      amount        interest
Category of short-term      of period     rate         month end)    outstanding*    rate
borrowings

<S>                          <C>            <C>          <C>          <C>             <C>
Year ended May 29, 1994:
 Banks**                     $250.3         4.5%         $312.3       $172.4          3.8%
 U.S. commercial paper**       89.2         4.1           164.3        334.7          3.3
 Canadian commercial paper     83.3         5.7            91.7         77.0          4.3
 Other                         10.5         3.5            10.5           .4          3.5


Year ended May 30, 1993:
 Banks**                     $208.2         4.6%         $247.2       $206.9          4.3%
 U.S. commercial paper**       55.5         3.1            74.8        107.2          3.2
 Canadian commercial paper     75.9         5.0            82.8         78.9          6.1
 
 
Year ended May 31, 1992:
 Banks**                     $ 66.2         9.2%         $154.3       $106.6          6.1%
 U.S. commercial paper**         _           _               _          68.9          4.9                                           
 Canadian commercial paper    103.1         6.9           112.9         67.6          8.0

<FN>
* Determined  by dividing total of daily balances outstanding
  by  364  days  for fiscal 1994 and 1993, and 371  days  for
  fiscal 1992, excluding any reclassifications.
**Short-term borrowings of $250.0 million, $200.0 million and
  $150.0  million were reclassified to long-term at  May  29,
  1994,  May 30, 1993 and May 31, 1992, respectively, as  the
  Company's  revolving credit agreement (See  Note  Seven  of
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements contained in the
  Registrant's  1994 Annual Report to Stockholders)  provides
  the  Company  with  the  ability  to  refinance  short-term
  borrowings.   If the reclassifications had not  been  made,
  the maximum amount of bank debt outstanding would have been
  $312.3  million, $312.0 million and $194.4  million  during
  the  years  ended May 29, 1994, May 30, 1993  and  May  31,
  1992,   respectively,  and  the  maximum  amount  of   U.S.
  commercial   paper  outstanding  would  have  been   $381.2
  million, $255.5 million and $131.5 million during the years
  ended  May  29,  1994,  May 30,  1993  and  May  31,  1992,
  respectively.
</FN>
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
             GENERAL MILLS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
    SCHEDULE X - SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
                         (in millions)
                               
<CAPTION>
                               
                                                For the Fiscal Years Ended
                                        May 29, 1994   May 30, 1993   May 31, 1992

<S>                                        <C>            <C>            <C>
Maintenance and repairs                    $218.3         $205.4         $209.0
Depreciation and amortization 
 of intangible assets, preoperating 
 costs and similar deferrals                  *              *              *
Taxes, other than payroll and 
income taxes                                  *              *              *
Royalties                                     *              *              *
Advertising media expenditures              409.5          395.4          426.8

<FN>
*Less than 1% of total sales.
</FN>
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
                                                   EXHIBIT 11
                      GENERAL MILLS, INC.
        STATEMENT OF DETERMINATION OF COMMON SHARES AND
                   COMMON SHARE EQUIVALENTS
                         (in millions)
                               
<CAPTION>
                               
                                       Weighted average number of
                                      common shares and common share
                                      equivalents assumed outstanding
                                        For the Fiscal Years Ended
                                May 29, 1994    May 30, 1993   May 31, 1992

<S>                                <C>             <C>            <C>      
Weighted average number of 
 common shares outstanding,
 excluding common stock held 
 in treasury (a)                   159.1           163.1          165.7

Common share equivalents 
 resulting from the assumed
 exercise of certain stock 
 options (b)                         2.4 *           3.3 *          3.3 *

Total common shares and common 
share equivalents                  161.5           166.4          169.0

<FN>
Notes:
(a)  Beginning balance of common stock is adjusted for changes in the number  
     of shares outstanding, weighted monthly by the elapsed portion of the
     period during which the shares were outstanding.
(b)  Common share equivalents are computed by the "treasury stock" method.   
     Share amounts represent the dilutive effect of outstanding stock options
     which have an option price below the average market price for the period 
     concerned.
*  Common share equivalents are not material.  As a result,
   earnings per share have been computed using the weighted
   average of common shares outstanding of 159.1 million,
   163.1 million and 165.7 million for fiscal 1994, 1993 and
   1992, respectively.
</FN>
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
                                                   EXHIBIT 12
                               
                      GENERAL MILLS, INC.
              RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
                       
<CAPTION>
                                        Fiscal Year Ended
                        May 29,    May 30,   May 31,    May 26,   May 27,
                         1994       1993      1992       1991      1990

<S>                      <C>        <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>
Ratio of Earnings 
to Fixed Charges         6.16       7.79      8.58       7.82      7.66
</TABLE>

    For purposes of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges, 
earnings represent pretax income from continuing operations plus fixed 
charges (net of capitalized interest).  Fixed charges represent interest  
(whether expensed or capitalized) and one-third (the proportion deemed
representative of the interest factor) of rents of continuing operations.
            
            

                         EXHIBIT INDEX

     3.2   -  Copy of Registrant's By-Laws, as amended to date.
    10.1   -  Copy of Stock Option and Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1988, 
              as amended to date.
    10.2   -  Copy of Stock Option and Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1984, 
              as amended to date.
    10.5   -  Copy of Management Continuity Agreement, as amended to date.
    10.6   -  Copy of Supplemental Retirement Plan, as amended to date.
    10.9   -  Copy of Supplemental Savings Plan, as amended to date.
    10.13  -  Copy of Supplemental Benefits Trust Agreement dated February 9, 
              1987, as amended and restated as of September 26, 1988.
    10.14  -  Copy of Supplemental Benefits Trust Agreement dated 
              September 26, 1988.
    10.18  -  Copy of 1990 Salary Replacement Stock Option Plan, as amended 
              to date.
    10.21  -  Copy of Stock Option and Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1993, as 
              amended to date.
    11     -  Statement of Determination of Common Shares and Common Share 
              Equivalents.
    12     -  Statement of Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges.
    13     -  1994 Annual Report to Stockholders (only those portions expressly 
              incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed filed with the 
              Commission).
    21     -  List of Subsidiaries of General Mills, Inc.
    23     -  Consent of KPMG Peat Marwick.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>10
<DESCRIPTION>1990 SALARY REPLACEMENT STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>

                                                 EXHIBIT 10.18


                       GENERAL MILLS, INC.

                     1990 SALARY REPLACEMENT

                        STOCK OPTION PLAN


                As Amended Through June 27, 1994




                       GENERAL MILLS, INC.

            1990 SALARY REPLACEMENT STOCK OPTION PLAN


 1.   PURPOSE OF THE PLAN

           The purpose of the General Mills, Inc. 1990 Salary
      Replacement Stock Option Plan (the "Plan") is to give key
      employees of General Mills, Inc. (the "Company") and its
      subsidiaries who are primarily responsible for the
      management of the business of the Company the opportunity to
      receive stock option grants in lieu of salary increases,
      and, as to employees who are not subject to Section 16 of
      the 1934 Act (each as hereinafter defined), an opportunity
      to receive stock option grants in lieu of certain other
      compensation and employee benefits thereby encouraging focus
      on the growth and profitability of the Company and its
      Common Stock.


 2.   EFFECTIVE DATE OF PLAN

           This Plan shall become effective as of September 17,
      1990, subject to the approval of the stockholders of the
      Company at the Annual Meeting on September 17, 1990.


 3.   ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

           The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation
      Committee (the "Committee").  The Committee shall be made up
      of non-management members of the Board of Directors (the
      "Board") appointed in accordance with the Company's
      Certificate of Incorporation.  The Committee shall have
      authority to adopt rules and regulations for carrying out
      the purpose of the Plan, select the employees to whom grants
      will be made ("Optionees"), the number of shares to be
      optioned and interpret, construe and implement the
      provisions of the Plan; provided that if at any time Rule
      16b-3 or any successor rule ("Rule 16b-3") under the
      Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934
      Act"), so permits without adversely affecting the ability of
      the Plan to comply with the conditions for exemption from
      Section 16 of the 1934 Act (or any successor provisions)
      provided by Rule 16b-3, the Committee may delegate the
      administration of the Plan in whole or in part, on such
      terms and conditions, and to such person or persons as it
      may determine in its discretion, as it relates to persons
      not subject to Section 16 of the 1934 Act, or any successor
      provision.  Decisions of the Committee (or its delegate as
      permitted herein) shall be final, conclusive and binding
      upon all parties, including the Company, stockholders and
      Optionees.


 4.   COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

           The shares of "Common Stock" of the Company ($.10 par
      value) to be issued upon the exercise of a non-qualified
      option to purchase Common Stock granted hereunder (an
      "Option") may be made available from the authorized but
      unissued Common Stock, shares of Common Stock held in the
      treasury, or Common Stock purchased on the open market or
      otherwise.

           Approval of the Plan by the stockholders of the Company
      shall constitute authorization to use such shares for the
      Plan, subject to the discretion of the Board or as such
      discretion may be delegated to the Committee.

           Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding
      paragraph, the maximum aggregate number of shares originally
      authorized under the Plan for which Options could be granted
      under the Plan shall was 3,000,000 shares.  As of June 1,
      1992, and subject to the provisions of the next succeeding
      paragraph, there remain 4,493,000 shares authorized to be
      issued under the Plan (as adjusted for stock splits).  If an
      Option granted under the Plan is terminated without having
      been exercised in full, the unpurchased or forfeited shares
      or rights to receive shares shall become available for grant
      to other employees.

           The number of shares of Common Stock subject to the
      Plan, the outstanding Salary Stock Options, and the exercise
      price per share of outstanding Options may be appropriately
      adjusted by the Committee in the event that:

       (i)  the number of outstanding shares of
            Common Stock of the Company shall be changed
            by reason of split-ups, combinations or
            reclassifications of shares;

      (ii)  any stock dividends are distributed to the 
            holders of Common Stock of the Company; or

     (iii)  the Common Stock of the Company is converted 
            into or exchanged for other shares as a result 
            of any merger or consolidation (including a 
            sale of assets) or other recapitalization.


 5.   ELIGIBLE PERSONS

      Only persons who are officers or key employees of the
      Company or a subsidiary shall be eligible to receive grants
      under the Plan.  No grant shall be made to any member of the
      Committee or any other non-employee director.


 6.   PURCHASE PRICE OF SALARY STOCK OPTIONS

      The purchase price for each share of Common Stock issuable
      under an Option shall not be less than 100 percent of the
      Fair Market Value of the Shares of Common Stock of the
      Company subject to such option on the date of grant.  "Fair
      Market Value" as used in the Plan shall equal the mean of
      the high and low price of the Common Stock on the New York
      Stock Exchange on the applicable date.


 7.   OPTION TERM

      The term of each Option grant as determined by the Committee
      shall not exceed ten (10) years and one (1) month from the
      date of that grant and shall expire as of the last day of
      the designated term, unless terminated earlier under the
      provisions of the Plan.


 8.   OPTION TYPE

      Option grants will be Non-Qualified Stock Options governed
      by Section 83 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
      amended (the "Code") or any successor provision.


 9.   NON-TRANSFERABILITY OF OPTIONS

      No Option granted under this Plan shall be transferable by
      the Optionee otherwise than by the Optionee's Last Will and
      Testament or by the laws of descent and distribution.  An
      Optionee shall forfeit any Option assigned or transferred,
      voluntarily or involuntarily, other than as permitted under
      this Section.  Each Option shall be exercised during the
      Optionee's lifetime only by the Optionee or his or her
      guardian or legal representative.


 10.  EXERCISE OF OPTIONS

           Except as provided in Sections 12, 13 and 14, each
      Option shall be vested and may be exercised in accordance
      with such terms and conditions as may be determined by the
      Committee for grants to officers or executives and by the
      Chief Executive Officer of the Company for grants to other
      management participants.

           Subject to the provision of this Section 10, each
      Option may be exercised in whole or, from time to time, in
      part with respect to the number of then exercisable shares
      in any sequence desired by the Optionee without regard to
      the date of grant of stock options under other plans of the
      Company.

           An Optionee exercising an Option shall give notice to
      the Company of such exercise and of the number of shares
      elected to be purchased prior to 4:30 P.M. CST/CDT on the
      day of exercise, which must be a business day at the
      executive offices of the Company.  At the time of purchase,
      the Optionee shall tender the full purchase price of the
      shares purchased.  Until such payment has been made and a
      certificate or certificates for the shares purchased has
      been issued in the Optionee's name, the Optionee shall
      possess no stockholder rights with respect to any such
      shares.  Payment of such purchase price shall be made to the
      Company, subject to any applicable rule or regulation
      adopted by the Committee:

         (i)  in cash (including check, draft, money
              order or wire transfer made payable to the
              order of the Company);

        (ii)  through the delivery of shares of Common 
              Stock owned by the Optionee; or
            
       (iii)  by a combination of (i) and (ii) above.

           For determining the payment, Common Stock delivered
      pursuant to (ii) or (iii) shall have a value equal to the
      Fair Market Value of the Common Stock on the date of
      exercise.

 11.  WITHHOLDING TAXES ON OPTION EXERCISE

           Each Optionee shall deliver to the Company cash in an
      amount equal to all federal, state and local withholding
      taxes required to be collected by the Company in respect of
      the exercise of an Option, and until such payment is made,
      the Company may, in its discretion, retain all or a portion
      of the shares to be issued.

           Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted
      by law and pursuant to such rules as the Committee may
      adopt, an Optionee may authorize the Company to satisfy any
      such withholding requirement by directing the Company to
      withhold from any shares to be issued such number of shares
      as shall be sufficient to satisfy the withholding
      obligation.

 12.  EXERCISE OF OPTIONS IN EVENT OF CERTAIN CHANGES OF
      CONTROL

           Each outstanding Option shall become immediately and
      fully exercisable for a period of six (6) months following
      the date of the following occurrences, each constituting a
      "Change of Control":

       (i)  if any person (including a group as
            defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act)
            becomes, directly or indirectly, the
            beneficial owner of twenty (20) percent or
            more of the shares of the Company entitled to
            vote for the election of directors;

       (ii) as a result of or in connection with any
            cash tender offer, exchange offer, merger or
            other business combination, sale of assets or
            contested election, or combination of the
            foregoing, the persons who were Directors of
            the Company just prior to such event cease to
            constitute a majority of the Company's Board
            of Directors; or

      (iii) the stockholders of the Company approve an 
            agreement providing for a transaction in which 
            the Company will cease to be an independent 
            publicly-owned corporation or a sale or other 
            disposition of all or substantially all of the 
            assets of the Company occurs.

           After such six (6) month period the normal option
      exercise provisions of the Plan shall govern.  In the event
      an Optionee is terminated as an employee of the Company or a
      Subsidiary within two (2) years of any of the events
      specified in (i), (ii) or (iii), all outstanding Stock
      Options at that date of termination shall become immediately
      exercisable for a period of three (3) months.


 13.  TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT OR LEAVE OF ABSENCE OF AN
      OPTIONEE

      (a)  Normal Termination

           If the Optionee's employment by the Company or a
      subsidiary terminates for any reason other than as specified
      in subsections (b), (c), (d) or (e), the Options shall
      terminate three (3) months after such termination.  If the
      employment by the Company or a subsidiary of an Optionee,
      other than an Optionee subject to Section 16 of the 1934
      Act, is terminated for the convenience of the Company, as
      determined by the Committee, and, at the time of termination
      the sum of the Optionee's age and service with the Company
      equals or exceeds 70, the Committee, in its sole discretion,
      may permit any Option previously granted to the Optionee
      under the Plan to be exercised to the full extent that such
      Option could have been exercised by such Optionee
      immediately prior to the Optionee's termination and may
      permit such Option to remain exercisable until the
      expiration of the Option in accordance with its original
      term.

      (b)  Death

           If the termination of employment is due to the
      Optionee's death, the Options may be exercised as provided
      in Section 14.

      (c)  Retirement

           If the termination of employment is due to the
      Optionee's retirement, the Optionee thereafter may exercise
      an Option within the period remaining under the original
      term of the Option.

      (d)  Spin-offs

           If the termination of employment is due to the
      cessation, transfer, or spin-off of a complete line of
      business of the Company, the Committee, in its sole
      discretion, may determine that all outstanding Options
      granted more than one (1) year prior to the date of such
      termination shall immediately become exercisable for a
      period of three (3) years after the date of such
      termination, subject to the provisions of Section 7.

      (e)  Leave of Absence

           Unless the Committee shall otherwise determine, if an
      Optionee is placed on an unpaid leave of absence, such
      Optionee's Options shall terminate at the expiration of the
      unpaid leave of absence.

           If an Optionee is placed on an unpaid leave of absence,
      retires during such leave, and the Committee had decided not
      to terminate the Optionee's right to exercise an Option at
      the date of the inception of said leave of absence, then
      such Optionee may exercise an Option in accordance with
      subsection (c).


 14.  DEATH OF OPTIONEE

           If an Optionee should die while employed by the Company
      or a subsidiary or after retirement, any Option previously
      granted to the Optionee under this Plan may be exercised by
      the person designated in such Optionee's Last Will and
      Testament or, in the absence of such designation, by the
      Optionee's estate, to the full extent that such Option could
      have been exercised by such Optionee immediately prior to
      the Optionee's death, subject to the original term of the
      Option.


 15.  AMENDMENTS TO THE PLAN

           The Plan may be terminated, modified, or amended by the
      Board of Directors of the Company.

           Subject to the approval of the Board of Directors, the
      Committee may at any time terminate, modify or suspend the
      operation of the Plan, provided that no such amendment,
      alteration or discontinuation shall be made without the
      approval of the stockholders of the Company:

       (i)  if such approval is necessary to comply with
            any legal, tax or regulatory requirement,
            including any approval requirement which is a
            prerequisite for exemptive relief from Section
            16(b) of the 1934 Act; or

       (ii) to materially increase the number of shares
            which may be issued under the Plan or materially
            modify the requirements as to eligibility for
            participating in the Plan.

           The Board of Directors shall have authority to cause
      the Company to take any action related to the Plan which may
      be required to comply with the provisions of the Securities
      Act of 1933, as amended, the 1934 Act, and the rules and
      regulations prescribed by the Securities and Exchange
      Commission.  Any such action shall be at the expense of the
      Company.

           No termination, modification, suspension or amendment
      of the Plan shall alter or impair the rights of any Optionee
      pursuant to a prior grant, without the consent of the
      Optionee.


 16.  FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS

           The Committee may adopt, amend, and terminate such
      arrangements, not inconsistent with the intent of the Plan,
      as it may deem necessary or desirable to make available tax
      or other benefits of laws of any foreign jurisdiction, to
      key employees of the Company who are subject to such laws
      and who are eligible to receive Option grants under the
      Plan.


 17.  DURATION OF THE PLAN

           Grants may be made under the Plan until September 30,
      1995.


 18.  NOTICE

           All notices and communications to the Company shall be
      in writing, effective as of actual receipt by the Company,
      and shall be sent to:

               General Mills, Inc.
               Number One General Mills Boulevard
               Minneapolis, Minnesota  55426
               Attention:  Corporate Compensation
               If by Telex:  170360 Gen Mills
               If by Facsimile:  (612) 540-4925

 19.  SECTION 16 OFFICERS

           With respect to persons subject to Section 16 of the
      1934 Act, transactions under the Plan are intended to
      comply with all applicable conditions of Rule 16b-3 or its
      successors under the 1934 Act.  To the extent any
      provision of the Plan or action by the Committee fails to
      so comply, it shall be deemed null and void, to the extent
      permitted by law and deemed advisable by the Committee.



           Effective as of September 17, 1990
           As amended effective June 1, 1992
           As amended effective June 27, 1994


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.21
<SEQUENCE>11
<DESCRIPTION>STOCK OPTION & L-T INCEN PLAN OF 1993
<TEXT>

                                                 EXHIBIT 10.21


                      GENERAL MILLS, INC.

       STOCK OPTION AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN OF 1993
                              
               As Amended Through June 27, 1994



                      GENERAL MILLS, INC.

       STOCK OPTION AND LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN OF 1993


1.     PURPOSE OF THE PLAN

       The purpose of the General Mills, Inc. Stock Option
       and Long-Term Incentive Plan of 1993 (the "Plan") is
       to attract and retain able employees by rewarding
       employees of General Mills, Inc., its subsidiaries and
       affiliates (defined as entities in which General
       Mills, Inc. owns an equity interest of 25% or more)
       (collectively, the "Company") who are responsible for
       the growth and sound development of the business of
       the Company, and to align the interests of all
       employees with those of the stockholders of the
       Company.


2.     EFFECTIVE DATE, DURATION AND SUMMARY OF PLAN

       A.   Effective Date and Duration
       
            This Plan shall become effective as of September
            20, 1993, subject to the approval of the
            stockholders of the Company at the Annual Meeting
            on September 20, 1993.  Awards may be made under
            the Plan until October 1, 1998.

       B.   Summary of Option Provisions for Participants
       
            The stock option that will be awarded to
            employees under this Plan gives a right to an
            employee to purchase at a future date shares of
            General Mills, Inc. common stock at a fixed
            price.  As an employee, you will receive an
            "option certificate" in your own name, which will
            contain the term and other conditions of the
            option grant.  In general, each certificate will
            state the number of shares of General Mills that
            you can purchase from the Company, the price at
            which you can purchase the shares, and the date
            you can make your purchase.  You will not have
            any taxable income when you receive the option
            certificate.
       
            The price at which you may buy the General Mills
            shares will be equal to the market price of the
            Company shares on the New York Stock Exchange as
            of the day the option was awarded to you.  If
            during the period that you must hold the option
            certificate before you can use it, the price of
            General Mills stock has risen, you will make a
            gain on exercising the option certificate equal
            to the difference between the price shown on the
            option certificate and the market price of
            General Mills shares on the date you use your
            option to buy shares under the terms of the
            option certificate.  This gain is taxable to you.
       
            You will never be obligated to buy shares of
            General Mills if you do not wish to do so.  After
            the necessary holding period before you can use
            the certificate, you can continue to hold the
            option certificate as an employee for up to ten
            years and one month before making the decision
            whether or not to buy shares of General Mills.
            After the full term of ten years and one month,
            the rights under the certificate will lapse and
            cannot then be used by the employee.
       
            In general, you cannot sell or assign the option
            certificate to any other person, and the specific
            provisions which cover your rights in the option
            certificate are covered in the full text of the
            Plan.


3.     ADMINISTRATION OF THE PLAN

       The Plan shall be administered by the Compensation
       Committee (the "Committee").  The Committee shall be
       comprised solely of non-employee, independent members
       of the Board of Directors (the "Board") appointed in
       accordance with the Company's Certificate of
       Incorporation.  Subject to the provisions of Section
       14, the Committee shall have authority to adopt rules
       and regulations for carrying out the purpose of the
       Plan, select the employees to whom Awards will be made
       ("Participants"), determine the number of shares to be
       awarded and the other terms and conditions of Awards
       in accordance with the Plan provisions and interpret,
       construe and implement the provisions of the Plan;
       provided that if at any time Rule 16b-3 or any
       successor rule ("Rule 16b-3") under the Securities
       Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "1934 Act"), so
       permits, without adversely affecting the ability of
       the Plan to comply with the conditions for exemption
       from Section 16 of the 1934 Act (or any successor
       provisions) provided by Rule 16b-3, the Committee may
       delegate its duties under the Plan in whole or in
       part, on such terms and conditions, to the Chief
       Executive Officer and to other senior officers of the
       Company; provided further, that only the Committee may
       select and make other decisions as to Awards to
       Participants who are subject to Section 16 of the 1934
       Act and to other executives of the Company.  The
       Committee (or its permitted delegate) may correct any
       defect or supply any omission or reconcile any
       inconsistency in any agreement relating to any Award
       under the Plan in the manner and to the extent it
       deems necessary.  Decisions of the Committee (or its
       permitted delegate) shall be final, conclusive and
       binding upon all parties, including the Company,
       stockholders and Participants.


4.     COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN

       The shares of common stock of the Company ($.10 par
       value) ("Common Stock") to be issued upon exercise of
       a Stock Option, awarded as Restricted Stock, or issued
       upon expiration of the restricted period for
       Restricted Stock Units, may be made available from the
       authorized but unissued Common Stock, shares of Common
       Stock held in the Company's treasury, or Common Stock
       purchased by the Company on the open market or
       otherwise.  Approval of the Plan by the stockholders
       of the Company shall constitute authorization to use
       such shares for the Plan.

       The Committee, in its discretion, may require as a
       condition to the grant of Stock Options, Restricted
       Stock or Restricted Stock Units (collectively,
       "Awards"), the deposit of Common Stock owned by the
       Participant receiving such grant, and the forfeiture
       of such Awards, if such deposit is not made or
       maintained during the required holding period or the
       applicable restricted period.  Such shares of
       deposited Common Stock may not be otherwise sold,
       pledged or disposed of during the applicable holding
       period or restricted period.  The Committee may also
       determine whether any shares issued upon exercise of a
       Stock Option shall be restricted in any manner.

       Subject to the provisions of the next succeeding
       paragraph, the maximum aggregate number of shares of
       Common Stock authorized under the Plan for which
       Awards may be granted under the Plan is 8,000,000;
       provided that if during the term of the Plan the
       Company repurchases shares of Common Stock, on the
       open market or otherwise and in compliance with the
       rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
       Commission, additional Awards may be granted equal to
       the number of shares repurchased, subject that no more
       than 4,000,000 additional shares of Common Stock shall
       be authorized for Awards hereunder; and provided
       further that the total number of shares of Common
       Stock that shall be available for Restricted Stock and
       Restricted Stock Unit Awards under the Plan shall be
       limited to 4% of the total shares authorized for Award
       hereunder.  Upon the expiration, forfeiture,
       termination or cancellation, in whole or in part, of
       unexercised Stock Options, or forfeiture of Restricted
       Stock or Restricted Stock Units on which no dividends
       or dividend equivalents have been paid, the shares of
       Common Stock subject thereto shall again be available
       for Awards under the Plan.
       
       The number of shares subject to the Plan, the
       outstanding Awards and the exercise price per share of
       outstanding Stock Options may be appropriately
       adjusted by the Committee in the event that:

           (i)  the number of outstanding shares of
                Common Stock shall be changed by reason of
                split-ups, spin-offs, combinations or
                reclassifications of shares;

          (ii)  any stock dividends are distributed
                to the holders of Common Stock; or

         (iii)  the Common Stock is converted into
                or exchanged for other shares as a result of
                any merger or consolidation (including a sale
                of assets) or other recapitalization, or
                other similar events occur which affect the
                value of the Common Stock.


5.     ELIGIBLE PERSONS

       Only persons who are employees of the Company and,
       except as expressly approved by the Committee, having
       three or more years of service, shall be eligible to
       receive Awards under the Plan ("Participants").  No
       Award shall be made to any member of the Committee or
       any other non-employee director of the Company.


6.     PURCHASE PRICE OF STOCK OPTIONS

       The purchase price for each share of Common Stock
       issuable under a Stock Option shall not be less than
       100% of the Fair Market Value of the shares of Common
       Stock on the date of grant.  "Fair Market Value" as
       used in the Plan shall equal the mean of the high and
       low price of the Common Stock on the New York Stock
       Exchange on the applicable date.


7.     STOCK OPTION TERM AND TYPE

       The term of any Stock Option as determined by the
       Committee shall not exceed 10 years and one month from
       the date of grant and shall expire as of the close of
       business on the last day of the designated term,
       unless terminated earlier under the provisions of the
       Plan.  Stock Option grants under the Plan shall be Non-
       Qualified Stock Options governed by section 83 of the
       Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
       "Code").


8.     EXERCISE OF STOCK OPTIONS

       Except as provided in Sections 12 and 13 (Change of
       Control and Termination of Employment), each Stock
       Option may be exercised only after five years of the
       Participant's continued employment with the Company.

       An optionee exercising a Stock Option shall give
       notice to the Company of such exercise and of the
       number of shares elected to be purchased prior to 4:30
       P.M. CST/CDT on the day of exercise, which must be a
       business day at the executive offices of the Company.
       At the time of purchase, the Participant shall tender
       the full purchase price of the shares purchased.
       Until such payment has been made and a certificate or
       certificates for the shares purchased has been issued
       in the Participant's name, the Participant shall
       possess no stockholder rights with respect to such
       shares.  Payment of such purchase price shall be made
       to the Company, subject to any applicable rule or
       regulation adopted by the Committee:

           (i)  in cash (including check, draft, money
                order or wire transfer made payable to the
                order of the Company);

          (ii)  through the delivery of shares of
                Common Stock owned by the Participant; or

         (iii)  by a combination of (i) and (ii) above.

       For determining the amount of the payment, Common
       Stock delivered pursuant to (ii) or (iii) shall have a
       value equal to the Fair Market Value of the Common
       Stock on the date of exercise.


9.     RESTRICTED STOCK AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS

       With respect to Awards of Restricted Stock and
       Restricted Stock Units, the Committee shall:

          (i)  select Participants to whom Awards will be
               made, provided that Restricted Stock Units
               may only be awarded to those employees of the
               Company who are employed in a country other
               than the United States;

         (ii)  determine the number of shares of Restricted
               Stock or the number of Restricted Stock Units
               to be awarded;

        (iii)  determine the length of the restricted
               period, which shall be no less than three
               years;

         (iv)  determine the purchase price, if any, to be
               paid by the Participant for Restricted Stock
               or Restricted Stock Units; and

          (v)  determine any restrictions other than those
               set forth in this Section 9.

          Any shares of Restricted Stock granted under the
          Plan may be evidenced in such manner as the
          Committee deems appropriate, including, without
          limitation, book-entry registration or issuance of
          stock certificates, and may be held in escrow.
          
          Subject to the restrictions set forth in this
          Section 9, each Participant who receives Restricted
          Stock shall have all rights as a stockholder with
          respect to such shares, including the right to vote
          the shares and receive dividends and other
          distributions.

          Each Participant who receives Restricted Stock
          Units shall be eligible to receive, at the
          expiration of the applicable restricted period, one
          share of Common Stock for each Restricted Stock
          Unit awarded, and the Company shall issue to and
          register in the name of each such Participant a
          certificate for that number of shares of Common
          Stock.  Participants who receive Restricted Stock
          Units shall have no rights as stockholders with
          respect to such Restricted Stock Units until such
          time as share certificates for Common Stock are
          issued to the Participants; provided, however, that
          quarterly during the applicable restricted period
          for all Restricted Stock Units awarded hereunder,
          the Company shall pay to each such Participant an
          amount equal to the sum of all dividends and other
          distributions paid by the Company during the prior
          quarter on that equivalent number of shares of
          Common Stock.
          
          Subject to the provisions of Section 12, for awards
          of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units which
          have a deposit requirement,  a Participant will be
          eligible to vest only in those shares of Restricted
          Stock or Restricted Stock Units for which
          personally-owned shares are on deposit with the
          Company as of the date the Participant's employment
          with the Company terminates.


10.    NON-TRANSFERABILITY

       Except as otherwise provided in Section 9, no shares
       of Restricted Stock and no Restricted Stock Units
       shall be sold, exchanged, transferred, pledged, or
       otherwise disposed of during the restricted period.
       No Stock Options granted under this Plan shall be
       transferable by a Participant otherwise than (i) by
       the Participant's last will and testament or (ii) by
       the applicable laws of descent and distribution, and
       such Stock Options shall be exercised during the
       Participant's lifetime only by the Participant or his
       or her guardian or legal representative.  Other than
       as set forth herein, no Award under the Plan shall be
       subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer,
       assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge, and any
       attempt to do so shall be void.


11.    WITHHOLDING TAXES

       It shall be a condition to the obligation of the
       Company to deliver shares upon the exercise of a Stock
       Option, the vesting of Restricted Stock or Restricted
       Stock Units and the corresponding issuance of shares
       of unrestricted Common Stock, that the Participant pay
       to the Company cash in an amount equal to all federal,
       state, local and foreign withholding taxes required to
       be collected in respect thereof.

       Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent permitted
       by law and pursuant to such rules as the Committee may
       adopt, a Participant  may authorize the Company to
       satisfy any such withholding requirement by directing
       the Company to withhold from any shares of Common
       Stock to be issued, all or a portion of such number of
       shares as shall be sufficient to satisfy the
       withholding obligation, provided that in the case of
       the vesting of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock
       Units, the number of shares of Common Stock to be
       issued equals or exceeds 500.


12.    CHANGE OF CONTROL

       Each outstanding Stock Option shall become immediately
       and fully exercisable for a period of 6 months
       following the date of the following occurrences, each
       constituting a "Change of Control":

           (i)  if any person (including a group as
                defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act)
                becomes, directly or indirectly, the
                beneficial owner of 20% or more of the shares
                of the Company entitled to vote for the
                election of directors;

          (ii)  as a result of or in connection with any
                cash tender offer, exchange offer, merger or
                other business combination, sale of assets or
                contested election, or combination of the
                foregoing, the persons who were directors of
                the Company just prior to such event cease to
                constitute a majority of the Company's Board
                of Directors; or

         (iii)  the stockholders of the Company approve an 
                agreement providing for a transaction in which 
                the Company will cease to be an independent 
                publicly-owned corporation or a sale or other 
                disposition of all or substantially all of the 
                assets of the Company occurs.

       After such 6-month period the normal option exercise
       provisions of the Plan shall govern.  In the event a
       Participant is terminated as an employee of the
       Company within 2 years after any of the events
       specified in (i), (ii) or (iii), his or her
       outstanding Stock Options at that date of termination
       shall become immediately exercisable for a period of 3
       months.

       With respect to Stock Option grants outstanding as of
       the date of any such Change of Control which require
       the deposit of owned Common Stock as a condition to
       obtaining rights: (a) said deposit requirement shall
       be terminated as of the date of the Change of Control
       and any such deposited stock shall be promptly
       returned to the Participant; and (b) any restrictions
       on the sale of shares issued in respect of any such
       Stock Option shall lapse.

       In the event of a Change of Control, a Participant
       shall vest in all shares of Restricted Stock and
       Restricted Stock Units, effective as of the date of
       such Change of Control, and any deposited shares of
       Common Stock shall be promptly returned to the
       Participant.


13.    TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT

       A.   Termination of Employment
       
            If the Participant's employment by the Company
            terminates for any reason other than as
            specified herein or in subsections B, C or D,
            the Participant's Stock Options shall terminate
            3 months after such termination and all shares
            of Restricted Stock and all Restricted Stock
            Units which are subject to restriction as of
            said termination date shall be forfeited by the
            Participant to the Company.  In the event a
            Participant's employment with the Company is
            terminated for the convenience of the Company,
            as determined by the Committee, the Committee,
            in its sole discretion, may vest such
            Participant in all or any portion of outstanding
            Stock Options (which shall become exercisable)
            and/or shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted
            Stock Units awarded to such Participant,
            effective as of the date of such termination and
            if, at the time of such termination the sum of
            the Participant's age and service with the
            Company equals or exceeds 70, the Committee, in
            its sole discretion, may also extend the period
            during which such Participant's outstanding
            Stock Options, except those granted to
            Participants who are subject to Section 16 of
            the 1934 Act, may be exercised until the
            expiration of the Stock Options in accordance
            with their original terms.

       B.   Death
       
            If a Participant should die while employed by
            the Company, any Stock Option previously granted
            under this Plan may be exercised by the person
            designated in such Participant's last will and
            testament or, in the absence of such
            designation, by the Participant's estate, to the
            full extent that such Stock Option could have
            been exercised by such Participant immediately
            prior to death.  Further, with respect to
            outstanding Stock Option grants which, as of the
            date of death, are not yet exercisable, any such
            option grant shall vest and become exercisable
            in a pro-rata amount, based on the full months
            of employment completed during the full vesting
            period of the Stock Option from the date of
            grant to the date of death.

            With respect to Stock Option grants which
            require the deposit of owned Common Stock as a
            condition to obtaining exercise rights, in the
            event a Participant should die while employed by
            the Company, said Stock Options may be exercised
            as provided in the first paragraph of this
            Section 13B, subject to the following special
            conditions:

             (i) any restrictions on the sale of shares
                 issued in respect of any such Stock Option
                 shall cease; and

            (ii) any owned Common Stock deposited by the
                 Participant pursuant to said grant shall be
                 promptly returned to the person designated
                 in such Participant's last will and
                 testament or, in the absence of such
                 designation, to the Participant's estate,
                 and all requirements regarding deposit by
                 the Participant shall be terminated.
       
            A Participant who dies during any applicable
            restricted period shall vest in a proportionate
            number of shares of Restricted Stock or
            Restricted Stock Units, effective as of the date
            of death.  Such proportionate vesting shall be
            pro-rata, based on the number of full months of
            employment completed during the restricted
            period prior to the date of death, as a
            percentage of the applicable restricted period.

       C.   Retirement
       
            The Committee shall determine, at the time of
            grant, the treatment of the Stock Option upon
            the retirement of the Participant.  Unless other
            terms are specified in the original Stock Option
            grant, if the termination of employment is due
            to a Participant's retirement on or after age
            55, the Participant may exercise a Stock Option,
            subject to the original terms and conditions of
            the Stock Option, including any Stock Option
            granted under the Plan prior to such retirement.
            With respect to Stock Option grants which
            require the deposit of owned Common Stock as a
            condition to obtaining rights, any restrictions
            on the sale of shares issued in respect of any
            such Stock Option shall lapse at the date of any
            such retirement.

            A Participant who retires on or after the date
            he or she attains age 65 shall fully vest in all
            shares of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock
            Units, effective as of the date of retirement
            (unless any such award specifically provides
            otherwise).
             
            A Participant who takes early retirement (after
            age 55, but prior to age 65) during any
            applicable restricted period may elect either of
            the following alternatives with respect to
            Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units
            (unless any such award specifically provides
            otherwise):

                (a) Leave owned shares on deposit with the
                    Company and vest in all shares of
                    Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock
                    Units, effective as of the earlier of the
                    date the Participant attains age 65 or
                    the termination date of the applicable
                    restricted period; or

                (b) Withdraw owned shares and vest in a
                    proportionate number of shares of
                    Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock
                    Units, effective as of the date the
                    shares on deposit are withdrawn.  Such
                    proportionate vesting shall be pro-rata,
                    based on the number of full months of
                    employment completed during the
                    restricted period prior to the date of
                    early retirement, as a percentage of the
                    applicable restricted period.

       D.   Spin-offs
       
            If the termination of employment is due to the
            cessation, transfer, or spin-off of a complete
            line of business of the Company, the Committee,
            in its sole discretion, shall determine the
            treatment of all outstanding Awards under the
            Plan.


14.    AMENDMENTS OF THE PLAN

       The Plan may be terminated, modified, or amended by
       the Board of Directors of the Company.  The Committee
       may from time to time prescribe, amend and rescind
       rules and regulations relating to the Plan.  Subject
       to the approval of the Board of Directors, the
       Committee may at any time terminate, modify, or
       suspend the operation of the Plan, provided that no
       action shall be taken by the Board of Directors or the
       Committee without the approval of the stockholders of
       the Company which would:

          (i)  materially increase the number of shares
               which may be issued under the Plan;

         (ii)  materially increase the benefits accruing 
               to Participants under the Plan; or

        (iii)  materially modify the requirements as to 
               eligibility for participating in the Plan.

       The Board of Directors shall have authority to cause
       the Company to take any action related to the Plan
       which may be required to comply with the provisions of
       the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the 1934 Act,
       and the rules and regulations prescribed by the
       Securities and Exchange Commission.  Any such action
       shall be at the expense of the Company.

       No termination, modification, suspension, or amendment
       of the Plan shall alter or impair the rights of any
       Participant pursuant to a prior Award without the
       consent of the Participant.  There is no obligation
       for uniformity of treatment of Participants under the
       Plan.


15.    FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS

       The Committee may adopt, amend, and terminate such
       arrangements, not inconsistent with the intent of the
       Plan, as it may deem necessary or desirable to make
       available tax or other benefits of the laws of any
       foreign jurisdiction, to employees of the Company who
       are subject to such laws and who receive Awards under
       the Plan.


16.    NOTICE

       All notices to the Company regarding the Plan shall be
       in writing, effective as of actual receipt by the
       Company, and shall be sent to:

            General Mills, Inc.
            Number One General Mills Boulevard
            Minneapolis, Minnesota  55426
            Attention:  Corporate Compensation
            
            



Effective September 20, 1993
As Amended June 27, 1994




</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>12
<DESCRIPTION>STMT. OF DETERMINATION OF COMMON SHARES & EQV
<TEXT>

                                                   EXHIBIT 11
<TABLE>
                       GENERAL MILLS, INC.
         STATEMENT OF DETERMINATION OF COMMON SHARES AND
                    COMMON SHARE EQUIVALENTS
                          (in millions)
                                
<CAPTION>
                                
                                                Weighted average number of
                                              common shares and common share
                                             equivalents assumed outstanding
                                               For the Fiscal Years Ended
                                       May 29, 1994    May 30, 1993    May 31, 1992

<S>                                       <C>             <C>             <C>   
Weighted average number of common 
 shares outstanding, excluding 
 common stock held in treasury (a)        159.1           163.1           165.7

Common share equivalents resulting 
 from the assumed exercise of certain 
 stock options (b)                          2.4 *           3.3 *           3.3 *

Total common shares and common share 
 equivalents                              161.5           166.4           169.0

<FN>
Notes:
(a)  Beginning balance of common stock is adjusted for changes in the number 
     of shares outstanding, weighted monthly by the elapsed portion of the 
     period during which the shares were outstanding.
(b)  Common share equivalents are computed by the "treasury stock" method.  
     Share amounts represent the dilutive effect of outstanding stock options
     which have an option price below the average market price for the period 
     concerned.
* Common share equivalents are not material.  As a result, earnings  
  per share have been computed using the weighted average of common 
  shares outstanding of 159.1 million, 163.1 million and 165.7 million 
  for fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.
</FN>
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-12
<SEQUENCE>13
<DESCRIPTION>STATEMENT OF RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
<TEXT>

                                                            EXHIBIT 12
<TABLE>
                                   GENERAL MILLS, INC.
                          RATIO OF EARNINGS TO FIXED CHARGES
                       
<CAPTION>
                                                            Fiscal Year Ended
                                           May 29,   May 30,   May 31,   May 26,  May 27,
                                            1994      1993      1992      1991     1990
                                         
<S>                                         <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>
Ratio of Earnings to Fixed Charges. . . .   6.16      7.79      8.58      7.82     7.66
</TABLE>
                               
    For purposes of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges,
earnings represent pretax income from continuing operations plus fixed 
charges (net of capitalized interest).  Fixed charges represent interest
(whether expensed or capitalized) and one-third (the proportion deemed 
representative of the interest factor) of rents of continuing operations.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>14
<DESCRIPTION>1994 ANNUAL REPORT TO STOCKHOLDERS
<TEXT>

                                        EXHIBIT 13

MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION

General Mills' financial goal is to achieve
performance that places us in the top 10 percent
of major American companies, ranked by the
combination of growth in earnings per share and
return on capital.  Over the past five years, our
earnings per share have grown at a 13 percent
compound rate and our after-tax return on capital
has averaged 21 percent, both before unusual
items.  Meeting our financial objectives is the
key to providing superior returns to shareholders.

Results of Operations

In 1994, sales rose 5 percent to $8.52 billion.
Earnings per share from continuing operations were
$2.95 compared to $3.10 in 1993.  After-tax
earnings were $469.7 million compared to $506.1
million a year ago.  Results for 1994 include an
unusual after-tax charge of $87.1 million, or 55
cents per share, to cover estimated costs
associated with the actions of an independent
licensed contractor who made an improper pesticide
substitution in treating some of our oat supplies.
See note two to the consolidated financial
statements for further discussion.  We voluntarily
suspended production and shipments of oat-
containing products for a period of time during
the first quarter of 1995 while resolving this
issue;  therefore, there will be a negative impact
on 1995 first-quarter volume and earnings.  There
was an unusual net after-tax charge in 1993 of
$57.3 million, or 35 cents per share, primarily
for restructuring actions at consumer foods
manufacturing facilities as well as selected
restaurant unit closings.

Segment operating results are summarized in note
eighteen to the consolidated financial statements
on page 32.

Consumer Foods' sales grew 3 percent in 1994 to
$5.55 billion with domestic packaged foods unit
volume increasing 3 percent.  Operating profits
decreased 1 percent excluding unusual items from
both years.  In 1994, there was an unusual charge
of $146.9 million related to the improper
pesticide application as noted above.  Included in
operating profits for 1993 were unusual items
totaling $33.4 million for increasing
manufacturing productivity, and our share of
streamlining and tax-reorganization costs
associated with the formation of Snack Ventures
Europe (SVE), our joint venture with PepsiCo Foods
International.  Including the unusual items,
operating profits for 1994 decreased to $653.1
million.

Big G's 1994 operating profit decline reflected
the year-long cereal market promotional escalation
and the fourth-quarter impact of our pricing and
promotional actions.  In a departure from recent
cereal industry practices, the Company announced
actions in April 1994 to reduce spending on
inefficient cereal couponing and price promotion,
and to reduce prices on our largest cereal brands
by an average of 11 percent.  These actions were
designed to deliver consumer value more directly
and efficiently, and are anticipated to have
positive profit impact in 1995, but are expected
to be volume and market share neutral.

Yoplait yogurt, Betty Crocker Products, Gorton's
seafood and Canada Foods posted double-digit
operating profit gains for the year.  SVE showed
an excellent increase in operating profits and
volume, and expanded beyond its original six
European markets in Italy.

CPW, our cereal joint venture with Nestle,
continued to demonstrate progress in existing
markets and expanded operations to Belgium,
Switzerland, Austria, Greece and Chile during the
year.  Consumer Foods' operating profits include a
loss of $30.3 million in 1994 and $30.6 million in
1993 for General Mills' share of CPW's losses.
The developmental spending burden for CPW is
expected to moderate as initial operations in 
European markets approach profitability in 1995.

In 1993, Consumer Foods' sales and operating
profits grew 3 percent and 11 percent (excluding
unusual items), respectively, led by Betty Crocker
Products, Big G cereals, Yoplait yogurt,
Foodservice, Gorton's seafood and Canada Foods.

Restaurants' sales grew 8 percent in 1994 to $2.96
billion.  An operating profit gain of 3 percent
before unusual items in the prior year was
achieved despite disappointing results at The
Olive Garden and the effects of unprecedented
harsh winter weather.  A net total of 115 new
restaurants were opened in North America.  Red
Lobster's profits increased strongly as new menu
items, improved service and a new decor package
favorably influenced results.  The Olive Garden's
profits were lower, due to a decline in average
unit sales that resulted primarily from not
updating the successful concept soon enough to
meet changing consumer expectations.  China Coast
commenced broader market expansion in 1994.
Twenty new units were opened during the year with
plans calling for faster expansion during 1995.
Including the unusual items for last year,
operating profits increased 21 percent.

In 1993, Restaurants' sales and operating profits
before unusual items increased 8 percent and 11
percent, respectively.  Results reflected good
gains by The Olive Garden and good overall
performance by Red Lobster.  Together, The Olive
Garden and Red Lobster added 112 new units in
North America.  Results for Canadian restaurants
improved versus the prior year, but still trailed
expectations.  A charge of $30.6 million was
recorded in 1993 for closing 31 Red Lobster and
The Olive Garden units in the United States and
Canada.  Including the charge, operating profits
decreased 5 percent.

Interest expense in 1994 was $115.6 million, an
increase of $27.3 million from the prior year due
to borrowing to fund purchases of common shares
for treasury.  The 1993 interest expense of $88.3
million was $12.4 million greater than 1992
primarily due to funding purchases of common
shares for treasury.  Interest income of $14.7
million in 1993 was $3.0 million less than the
prior year reflecting lower rates.

The effective tax rates in 1994 and 1993 were 37.6
percent and 40.0 percent, respectively.  Excluding
the unusual items in both years, the rates were
38.1 percent and 38.2 percent in 1994 and 1993,
respectively.  The federal tax law changes in 1993
did not have a significant impact on 1994, but are
expected to have a slight negative impact in the
future.

It is management's view that changes in the rate
of inflation have not had a significant effect on
profitability from continuing operations over the
three most recent years.  Management attempts to
minimize the effects of inflation through
appropriate planning and operating practices.

The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No.
115, "Accounting for Certain Investments in Debt
and Equity Securities," in May 1993.  The American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants issued
Statement of Position 93-7, "Reporting on
Advertising Costs," in December 1993.  Neither of
these statements will have a significant impact on
the Company when adopted.

Financial Condition

The Company intends to manage its businesses and
financial ratios so as to maintain a strong "A"
bond rating, which allows access to financing at
reasonable costs.  Currently, General Mills'
publicly issued long-term debt carries "A1"
(Moody's Investors Services, Inc.) and "A+"
(Standard & Poor's Corporation) ratings.  Our
commercial paper has ratings of "P-1" (Moody's)
and "A-1" (Standard & Poor's) in the United States
and "R-1 (middle)" in Canada from Dominion Bond
Rating Service.

General Mills' financial condition remains strong.
As important measures of financial strength, the
Company focuses on the cash flow to debt and fixed
charge coverage ratios, which were 46 percent and
6.2 times, respectively, in 1994.  The purchase of
2.4 million shares of common stock for our
treasury increased debt and reduced equity by
$145.7 million, contributing to a debt to capital
ratio of 65 percent.

The composition of the Company's capital structure
is shown in the accompanying table.

<TABLE>
Capital Structure
<CAPTION>
                                 May 29,    May 30,
In Millions                       1994       1993

<S>                             <C>        <C>
Notes payable                   $  433.3   $  339.6
Current portion of long-term 
  debt                             115.2       64.3
Long-term debt                   1,417.2    1,268.3
Deferred income taxes - tax 
  leases                           189.8      195.6
Total debt                       2,155.5    1,867.8
Debt adjustments:
  Leases - debt equivalent         434.4      428.8
  Domestic cash equivalents           -      (109.4)
  Marketable investments          (196.1)    (137.0)
Adjusted debt                    2,393.8    2,050.2
Common stock subject to 
  put options                      122.0         -
Stockholders' equity             1,151.2    1,218.5

Total capital                   $3,667.0   $3,268.7
</TABLE>

We selectively use derivatives to hedge financial
risks, primarily interest rate volatility and
foreign currency fluctuations.  The derivatives
are generally treated as hedges for accounting
purposes.  We manage our debt structure through
both issuance of fixed and floating-rate debt as
well as the use of derivatives.  The debt
equivalent of our leases and deferred income taxes
related to tax leases are both fixed-rate
obligations.  The table below, when reviewed in
conjunction with the capital structure table,
shows the composition of our debt structure
including the impact of derivatives.

<TABLE>
Debt Structure

<CAPTION>
In Millions                  May 29, 1994     May 30, 1993

<S>                         <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>
Floating-rate debt          $  733.4  31%    $  534.9  26%
Fixed-rate debt              1,036.2  43        890.9  43
Leases - debt equivalent       434.4  18        428.8  21
Deferred income taxes - tax 
  leases                       189.8   8        195.6  10

Total debt                  $2,393.8 100%    $2,050.2 100%
</TABLE>

Commercial paper has historically been our primary
source of short-term financing.  Bank credit lines
are maintained to ensure availability of short-
term funds on an as-needed basis.  In June 1994,
our fee-paid credit lines were increased from
$500.0 million to $650.0 million.

Our shelf registration statement permits issuance
of up to $222.1 million net proceeds in unsecured
debt securities.  The shelf registration
authorizes a medium-term note program that
provides additional flexibility in accessing the
debt markets.

Sources and uses of cash in the past three years
are shown in the accompanying table.

<TABLE>
Cash Sources (Uses)

<CAPTION>
In Millions                1994      1993      1992

<S>                     <C>       <C>       <C>
From operations         $ 830.7   $ 859.9   $ 771.6
Fixed assets and other
  investments-net        (732.1)   (714.4)   (725.7)
From dispositions of
  businesses                -         -        77.7
Change in marketable
   investments            (50.1)    (69.7)      -
Increase in outstanding
  debt-net                287.7     585.7      91.0
Common stock issued        13.3      32.3      39.3
Treasury stock purchases (145.7)   (420.2)    (40.1)
Dividends paid           (299.4)   (274.8)   (245.2)
Other                      (4.2)     (7.4)     (7.9)
Decrease in cash
  and cash equivalents  $ (99.8)  $  (8.6)  $ (39.3)
</TABLE>

Operations generated $29.2 million less cash in
1994 than in the previous year primarily due to an
increase in inventory levels.  We purchased
various marketable investments to take advantage
of interest rate spreads.

Capital expenditures in 1995 are estimated to be
approximately $525 million; an additional $50
million capital investment is anticipated for our
joint ventures, principally CPW.  In July 1994,
the Company purchased 976,000 shares of common
stock for $56.4 million as privately placed put
options were exercised.  The unusual item recorded
in 1994 will be substantially included in 1995 as
cash outflow.  As a result, the Company is
anticipating a net cash outflow in 1995 and will
borrow either short- or long-term, depending on
market conditions.


INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT

The Stockholders and the Board of Directors of
General Mills, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
General Mills, Inc. and subsidiaries as of May 29, 1994 and 
May 30, 1993, and the related consolidated statements of earnings
and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year
period ended May 29, 1994.  These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company's management.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

  We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted
auditing standards.  Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement.  An
audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.  An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that
our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

  In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred
to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of General Mills, Inc. and subsidiaries as of May 29,
1994 and May 30, 1993, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year
period ended May 29, 1994 in conformity with generally accepted
accounting principles.

  As discussed in notes thirteen and fifteen to the consolidated
financial statements, the Company adopted the provisions of the
Financial Accounting Standards Board's Statements of Financial
Accounting Standards No. 112, Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits, and No. 109, Accounting for Income
Taxes, in fiscal 1994.

                                  KPMG PEAT MARWICK

Minneapolis, Minnesota
July 29, 1994


<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS

<CAPTION>
                                                Fiscal Year Ended
                                            May 29,   May 30,   May 31,
In Millions, Except per Share Data           1994      1993      1992

<S>                                        <C>       <C>       <C>
Continuing Operations:
Sales                                      $8,516.9  $8,134.6  $7,777.8
Costs and Expenses:
 Cost of sales                              4,458.2   4,297.6   4,123.2
 Selling, general and administrative        2,755.5   2,578.2   2,516.3
 Depreciation and amortization                303.8     274.2     247.4
 Interest, net                                 99.2      73.6      58.2
 Unusual expenses (income)                    146.9      67.0     (11.8)
   Total Costs and Expenses                 7,763.6   7,290.6   6,933.3
Earnings from Continuing Operations           
  before Taxes                                753.3     844.0     844.5
Income Taxes                                  283.6     337.9     338.9
Earnings from Continuing Operations           469.7     506.1     505.6
Discontinued Operations after Taxes              -         -      (10.0)
Cumulative Effect to May 31, 1993
 of Accounting Changes                           .2        -         -
Net Earnings                               $  469.9  $  506.1  $  495.6

Earnings per Share:
 Continuing operations                     $   2.95  $   3.10  $   3.05
 Discontinued operations                         -         -       (.06)
 Cumulative effect of accounting changes         -         -         -
Net Earnings per Share                     $   2.95  $   3.10  $   2.99

Average Number of Common Shares               159.1     163.1     165.7
<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</FN>
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

<CAPTION>
                                                  May 29,     May 30,
In Millions                                          1994        1993

<S>                                              <C>         <C>
Assets
Current Assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents                       $     .2    $  100.0
 Receivables, less allowance for doubtful
   accounts of $4.4 in 1994 and $4.3 in 1993        309.7       287.4
 Inventories                                        488.3       439.0
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets          110.6       108.2
 Deferred income taxes                              220.4       142.3
   Total Current Assets                           1,129.2     1,076.9
Land, Buildings and Equipment, at cost            3,092.6     2,859.6
Other Assets                                        976.5       714.3
Total Assets                                     $5,198.3    $4,650.8

Liabilities and Equity
Current Liabilities:
 Accounts payable                                $  650.4    $  617.0
 Current portion of long-term debt                  115.2        64.3
 Notes payable                                      433.3       339.6
 Accrued taxes                                      178.3       139.7
 Accrued payroll                                    165.6       158.8
 Other current liabilities                          289.3       239.4
   Total Current Liabilities                      1,832.1     1,558.8
Long-term Debt                                    1,417.2     1,268.3
Deferred Income Taxes                               297.4       262.0
Deferred Income Taxes -- Tax Leases                 189.8       195.6
Other Liabilities                                   188.6       147.6
   Total Liabilities                              3,925.1     3,432.3
Common Stock Subject to Put Options                 122.0          -
Stockholders' Equity:
 Cumulative preference stock, none issued              -           -
 Common stock, 204.2 shares issued                  251.0       358.7
 Retained earnings                                2,457.9     2,284.5
 Less common stock in treasury, at cost,
   shares of 45.7 in 1994 and 43.7 in 1993       (1,334.4)   (1,196.4)
 Unearned compensation and other                   (160.2)     (167.5)
 Cumulative foreign currency adjustment             (63.1)      (60.8)
   Total Stockholders' Equity                     1,151.2     1,218.5
Total Liabilities and Equity                     $5,198.3    $4,650.8

<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</FN>
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

<CAPTION>
                                                      Fiscal Year Ended
                                                 May 29,   May 30,   May 31,
In Millions                                         1994      1993      1992

<S>                                               <C>       <C>       <C>
Cash Flows - Operating Activities:
 Earnings from continuing operations              $469.9    $506.1    $505.6
 Adjustments to reconcile earnings to cash flow:
   Depreciation and amortization                   303.8     274.2     247.4
   Deferred income taxes                           (27.8)     40.8      13.5
   Change in current assets and liabilities, net 
     of effects from business acquired             (72.0)      2.5      20.0
   Unusual expenses                                146.9      57.3        -
   Other, net                                       15.2     (15.0)      3.9
 Cash provided by continuing operations            836.0     865.9     790.4
 Cash used by discontinued operations               (5.3)     (6.0)    (18.8)
   Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities       830.7     859.9     771.6
Cash Flows - Investment Activities:
 Purchases of land, buildings and equipment       (559.5)   (623.8)   (695.3)
 Investments in businesses, intangibles and 
   affiliates, net of dividends                   (140.8)    (55.8)    (30.6)
 Purchases of marketable investments               (83.8)    (82.8)     (6.9)
 Proceeds from sale of marketable investments       33.7      13.1       6.9
 Proceeds from disposal of land, buildings and 
   equipment                                         7.2       5.2       8.1
 Proceeds from dispositions                           -         -       77.7
 Other, net                                        (39.0)    (40.0)     (7.9)
   Net Cash Used by Investment Activities         (782.2)   (784.1)   (648.0)
Cash Flows - Financing Activities:
 Increase in notes payable                          93.2     207.6     150.3
 Issuance of long-term debt                        273.6     422.6     188.7
 Payment of long-term debt                         (79.1)    (44.5)   (248.0)
 Common stock issued                                13.3      32.3      39.3
 Purchases of common stock for treasury           (145.7)   (420.2)    (40.1)
 Dividends paid                                   (299.4)   (274.8)   (245.2)
 Other, net                                         (4.2)     (7.4)     (7.9)
   Net Cash Used by Financing Activities          (148.3)    (84.4)   (162.9)
Decrease in Cash and Cash Equivalents              (99.8)     (8.6)    (39.3)
Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year      100.0        .5      39.8
Reclassification of Marketable Investment             -      108.1        -
Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Year           $   .2    $100.0    $   .5

Cash Flow from Changes in Current Assets 
and Liabilities:
 Receivables                                      $(17.3)   $(44.7)   $  2.1
 Inventories                                      (111.0)     28.7        .6
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets          (5.1)      4.6      (8.9)
 Accounts payable                                   33.2       9.0      54.5
 Other current liabilities                          28.2       4.9     (28.3)
Change in Current Assets and Liabilities          $(72.0)   $  2.5    $ 20.0
<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.
</FN>
</TABLE>

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note One:  Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

A.  Principles of Consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the following
domestic and foreign operations:  parent company and 100% owned
subsidiaries, and General Mills' investment in and share of net
earnings or losses of 20-50% owned companies.

 Our fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in May.  Years 1994 and
1993 each consisted of 52 weeks and 1992 consisted of 53 weeks.

B.  Land, Buildings, Equipment and Depreciation

Buildings and equipment are depreciated over estimated useful
lives ranging from three to 50 years, primarily using the
straight-line method.  Accelerated depreciation methods are
generally used for income tax purposes.

 When an item is sold or retired, the accounts are relieved of
its cost and related accumulated depreciation; the resulting
gains and losses, if any, are recognized.

C.  Inventories

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market.  Certain
domestic inventories are valued using the LIFO method, while
other inventories are generally valued using the FIFO method.

D.  Intangible Assets

Goodwill represents the difference between purchase prices of
acquired companies and the related fair values of net assets
acquired and accounted for by the purchase method of accounting.
Goodwill acquired after October 1970 is amortized on a straight-
line basis over 40 years or less.

 Intangible assets include an amount that offsets a minimum
liability recorded for a pension plan with assets less than
accumulated benefits as required by Financial Accounting
Standard No. 87.

 The costs of patents, copyrights and other intangible assets
are amortized evenly over their estimated useful lives.

 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors annually reviews
goodwill and other intangibles.  At its meeting on April 25,
1994, the Board of Directors affirmed that the remaining amounts
of these assets have continuing value.

E.  Research and Development

All expenditures for research and development are charged against
earnings in the year incurred.  The charges for 1994, 1993 and 1992
were $63.6 million, $60.1 million and $62.1 million, respectively.

F.  Earnings per Share

Earnings per share has been determined by dividing the appropriate
earnings by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding
during the year.  Common share equivalents were not material.

G.  Foreign Currency Translation

For most foreign operations, local currencies are considered the
functional currency.  Assets and liabilities are translated using
the exchange rates in effect at the balance sheet date.  Results of
operations are translated using the average exchange rates
prevailing throughout the period.  Translation effects are
accumulated in the foreign currency adjustment in stockholders'
equity.

 Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are generally
included in net earnings for the period.

H.  Interest Rate Swap Agreements

Any interest rate differential on an interest rate swap is
recognized as an adjustment of interest expense or income over
the term of the agreement. We enter into these agreements with a
diversified group of highly-rated financial institutions.  We are
exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the
other parties to these agreements. However, we do not anticipate
any losses.

 The fair value of interest rate swaps is the estimated amount we
would receive or pay to replace the swap agreements, taking into
consideration current interest rates.  This estimated amount was
immaterial at May 29, 1994.

I.  Statements of Cash Flows

For purposes of the statement of cash flows, we consider all
investments purchased with a maturity of three months or less to be
cash equivalents.


Note Two:  Unusual Items

In 1994, we recorded an after-tax charge of $87.1 million ($.55 per
share) to cover estimated costs associated with the actions of an
independent licensed contractor who made an improper substitution of
a pesticide in treating some of our oat supplies, a portion of which
were used in production.  While the substitution presented no
consumer health or safety issues, the pesticide had not been
registered for use on oats and thus its application represented a FDA
regulatory violation.  Due to a lengthy government approval process
for registration, the affected finished oat-products inventory would
be past the Company's freshness standard dates.  Therefore, the
charge includes costs associated with disposition of the finished oat
products and oats inventory as well as other related expenses.
Several consumer class action lawsuits have been filed in connection
with this matter.  The Company believes these lawsuits are without
merit and will not have any material impact on the financial
condition of the Company.

  We recorded restructuring charges in 1993 related primarily to
restaurant closings in the U.S. and Canada, costs for increasing
Consumer Foods manufacturing productivity and efficiency, and our
share of streamlining and tax reorganization costs associated with
the formation of Snack Ventures Europe.  These charges resulted in a
reduction in net earnings of $57.3 million ($.35 per share).  These
actions were substantially completed in 1994.

  In 1992, we recognized a gain on the sale of the stock of our
Spanish frozen food subsidiary, Preparados y Congelados Alimenticios,
S.A. (PYCASA) and also recorded charges primarily related to
restructuring of Betty Crocker packaged mixes production, European
food operations, and Consumer Foods national sales organization, and
the call of our 9 3/8% sinking fund debentures.  These transactions
resulted in no net effect on earnings.

Note Three:  Foreign Exchange

We selectively hedge the potential effect of foreign currency
fluctuations related to operating activities and net investments in
foreign operations by entering into foreign exchange contracts with
major financial institutions.  Realized and unrealized gains and
losses on contracts that hedge operating activities are recognized
currently in net earnings.  Realized and unrealized gains and losses
on contracts that hedge net investments are recognized in the
foreign currency adjustment in stockholders' equity.

  The components of our net foreign investment exposure by
geographic region are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                 May 29,     May 30,
In Millions                         1994        1993

<S>                               <C>         <C>
Europe                            $118.3      $103.9
North/South America                 43.3        41.7
Asia                                12.1        13.0
Total exposure                     173.7       158.6
After-tax hedges                   (30.2)     (134.1)
 Net exposure                     $143.5      $ 24.5
</TABLE>

  At May 29, 1994, we had forward contracts maturing in 1995 to sell
$59.5 million and purchase $7.5 million of foreign currencies.  We
also had foreign currency put options expiring in 1995 of $26.8
million.  The fair value of these contracts is based on third-party
quotes and is immaterial at May 29, 1994.

Note Four:  Acquisition and Investments

We purchased the Colombo yogurt business for approximately $75.0
million from a U.S. subsidiary of Bongrain S.A. effective December
1993.  Colombo has a refrigerated yogurt business in the Northeast
and is a leading producer of soft frozen yogurt, as well as premium
hard pack frozen yogurt.  The transaction did not have any material
effect on our 1994 earnings.

  During 1994 and 1993, we made capital contributions and advances of
$48.3 million and $66.1 million, respectively, to Cereal Partners
Worldwide (CPW), our joint venture with Nestle, S.A.

  In 1993, we entered into a joint venture, Snack Ventures Europe
(SVE), with PepsiCo Foods International to merge six existing
Continental European snack operations (three from each company) into
one company to develop, manufacture and market snack foods.  We own
40.5 percent of SVE.  The merger was effective July 1992.  We
reclassified the net individual assets and liabilities of our
operations to investment in affiliates and excluded the noncash
transaction from our statement of cash flows.


Note Five:  Inventories

The components of inventories are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                May 29,   May 30,
In Millions                                        1994      1993

<S>                                              <C>       <C>
Raw materials, work in process and supplies      $245.0    $206.2
Finished goods                                    249.3     252.6
Grain                                              47.0      40.5
Reserve for LIFO valuation method                 (53.0)    (60.3)
   Total inventories                             $488.3    $439.0
</TABLE>

 At May 29, 1994 and May 30, 1993, respectively, inventories of
$245.1 million and $244.5 million were valued at LIFO.


Note Six:  Balance Sheet Information

The components of certain balance sheet items are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           May 29,   May 30,
In Millions                                   1994      1993

<S>                                       <C>       <C>
Land, Buildings and Equipment:
 Land                                     $  360.9  $  302.3
 Buildings                                 1,655.6   1,452.6
 Equipment                                 2,373.8   2,048.1
 Construction in progress                    299.5     436.5
   Total land, buildings and equipment     4,689.8   4,239.5
 Less accumulated depreciation            (1,597.2) (1,379.9)
   Net land, buildings and equipment      $3,092.6  $2,859.6

Other Assets:
 Prepaid pension                          $  288.0  $  257.4
 Marketable investments, at cost             196.1     137.0
 Investments in and advances to affiliates   188.3     163.9
 Intangible assets                           157.3      70.6
 Miscellaneous                               146.8      85.4
   Total other assets                     $  976.5  $  714.3
</TABLE>

 Based on quoted market prices, the fair value of the marketable
investments was $231.4 million at May 29, 1994 and $186.9
million at May 30, 1993.

 We have interest rate and currency swap agreements related to
marketable investments that convert fixed interest rates to
variable interest rates and foreign currencies to U.S. dollars
on a notional amount of $81.9 million.  These agreements mature
from December 1994 to January 2001.


Note Seven:  Notes Payable

The components of notes payable are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         May 29,       May 30,
In Millions                                1994          1993

<S>                                      <C>           <C>
U.S. commercial paper                    $339.2        $255.5
Canadian commercial paper                  83.3          75.9
Financial institutions                    260.8         208.2
Amount reclassified to long-term debt    (250.0)       (200.0)
   Total notes payable                   $433.3        $339.6
</TABLE>

 To ensure availability of funds, we maintain bank credit lines
sufficient to cover our outstanding commercial paper.  As of 
May 29, 1994, we had $500.0 million fee-paid lines and $179.4 
million uncommitted, no-fee lines available in the U.S. and Canada.  
In addition, other foreign subsidiaries had unused credit lines of
$37.1 million.

 We have a revolving credit agreement expiring in 1999 that
provides for the fee-paid credit lines.  This agreement provides
us with the ability to refinance short-term borrowings on a long-
term basis, and therefore we have reclassified a portion of our
notes payable to long-term debt.

 We occasionally enter into swap agreements to lock in interest
rates on notes payable that may result in fixed rates higher than
short-term rates.  At May 29, 1994 we had interest rate swap
agreements on a notional amount of $145.0 million that convert an
average interest rate of 2.8% to an average interest rate of
5.7%.  These agreements mature from June 1994 to August 1994.  At
May 30, 1993 we had interest rate swap agreements on a notional
amount of $169.0 million that converted an average interest rate
of 3.3% to an average interest rate of 7.9%.

 We purchased and sold interest rate cap agreements, expiring in
May 1995, on a notional amount of $200.0 million with strike
rates of 5.0% and 6.5%, respectively. These agreements limit our
exposure to an increase in short-term interest rates.  If rates
are between 5.0-6.5%, our rate is limited to 5.0%; if rates are
greater than 6.5%, our rate will be 150 basis points less than
market rates until the agreements expire.


Note Eight:  Long-term Debt
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           May 29,     May 30,
In Millions                                   1994        1993

<S>                                       <C>         <C>
4.3% to 9.1% medium-term notes,
 due 1994 to 2033                         $1,080.3    $  918.3
Zero coupon notes, yield 11.1%, $327.0
 due August 15, 2013                          41.4        47.1
ESOP loan guaranty, variable rate (3.7% at
 May 29, 1994), due December 31, 2007         50.0        50.0
8.3% ESOP loan guaranty,
 due through June 30, 2007                    78.3        82.0
Zero coupon notes, yield 11.7%, $64.4
 due August 15, 2004                          20.2        18.0
Notes payable, reclassified                  250.0       200.0
Other                                         12.2        17.2
                                           1,532.4     1,332.6
Less amounts due within one year            (115.2)      (64.3)
 Total long-term debt                     $1,417.2    $1,268.3
</TABLE>

Our shelf registration statement permits the issuance of up to
$222.1 million net proceeds in unsecured debt securities to
reduce short-term debt and for other general corporate purposes.
This registration includes a medium-term note program that
allows us to issue debt quickly for various amounts and at
various rates and maturities.

  In 1994, we issued $217.9 million of debt under our medium-
term note program with maturities from one to 40 years and
interest rates from 4.3% to 7.3%.  In 1993, $366.7 million of
debt was issued under this program with maturities from one to
30 years and interest rates from 3.5% to 8.6%.

  We had interest rate swap agreements that convert an average
interest rate of 5.5% to an average interest rate of 3.2% on
$162.9 million notional amount of medium-term notes.  These
agreements mature from October 1994 to January 1999.  In 1994,
we sold a swap option that gives the holder the right, if
exercised, to receive a fixed payment of 6.8% and pay a floating
rate based on commercial paper on a notional amount of $21.3
million from February 1995 until February 1997.  At May 30, 1993
we had interest rate swap agreements that converted an average
interest rate of 5.4% to an average interest rate of 2.9% on
$120.0 million notional amount of medium-term notes.

  In 1992, we called our 9 3/8% sinking fund debentures due
March 1, 2009 (see note two).  This transaction resulted in a
decrease in net earnings of $3.5 million ($.02 per share).

  The Company has guaranteed the debt of the Employee Stock
Ownership Plans; therefore, the loans are reflected on our
consolidated balance sheets as long-term debt with a related
offset in stockholders' equity, "Unearned compensation and
other."

 Based on borrowing rates currently available for debt with
similar terms and average maturities, the fair value of our long-
term debt, excluding current portion, was $1,476.4 million at
May 29, 1994 and $1,413.4 million at May 30, 1993.

 The sinking fund and principal payments due on long-term debt
are (in millions) $115.2, $72.0, $94.2, $101.0 and $99.7 in
years ending 1995, 1996, 1997, 1998 and 1999, respectively.  The
notes payable that are reclassified under our revolving credit
agreement are not included in these principal payments.

 Our marketable investments include zero coupon U.S. Treasury
securities.  These investments are intended to provide the funds
for the payment of principal and interest for the zero coupon
notes due August 15, 2013 and 2004.


Note Nine:  Stock Options

The following table contains information on stock options:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Average Option
                                      Shares      Price per Share

<S>                               <C>                   <C>
Granted
   1994                            4,868,098            $63.22
   1993                            3,384,144             66.64
   1992                            2,574,008             58.29
Exercised
   1994                              562,714            $31.08
   1993                            1,962,063             22.90
   1992                            1,026,760             19.64
Expired
   1994                              459,800            $62.56
   1993                              288,907             61.63
   1992                              175,804             39.12
Outstanding at year end
   1994                           18,009,478            $49.52
   1993                           14,163,894             44.50
   1992                           13,030,720             35.88
Exercisable at year end
   1994                           10,278,466            $38.73
   1993                            9,488,948             36.23
   1992                            8,938,384             28.71
</TABLE>

 A total of 10,622,403 shares (including 2,535,750 shares for
salary replacement options and 321,164 shares for restricted
stock) are available for grants of options or restricted stock to
employees under our 1990 and 1993 stock plans through October 1,
1998.  An additional 3,083,400 shares are available for grants on
a one-for-one basis as common stock shares are repurchased by the
Company.  The options may be granted at a price not less than
100% of fair market value on the date the option is granted.
Options now outstanding include some granted under the 1980, 1984
and 1988 option plans, under which no further options or other
rights may be granted.  All options expire within 10 years plus
one month after the date of grant.  The plans provide for full
vesting of the option in the event there is a change of control.

 The 1993 plan permits awards of restricted stock to key
employees subject to a restricted period and a purchase price, if
any, to be paid by the employee as determined by the Compensation
Committee of the Board of Directors.  Most of the restricted
stock awards require the employee to deposit personally owned
shares (on a one-for-one basis) with the Company during the
restricted period.  In 1994, grants of 95,685 shares of
restricted stock were made and on May 29, 1994, there were
188,822 of such shares outstanding.

 The 1988 plan also permitted the granting of performance units
corresponding to stock options granted.  The value of performance
units will be determined by return on equity and growth in
earnings per share measured against preset goals over three-year
performance periods.  For seven years after a performance period,
holders may elect to receive the value of performance units (with
interest) as an alternative to exercising corresponding stock
options.  On May 29, 1994, there were 2,894,984 outstanding
options with corresponding performance units or performance unit
accounts.

 A total of 52,300 shares are available for grants of options and 
restricted stock to non-employee directors until September 30, 1995 
under a separate 1990 stock plan.  Each newly elected non-employee 
director is granted an option to purchase 2,500 shares at fair market 
value on the date of grant.  Options expire 10 years after the date 
of grant.  Each year 400 shares of restricted stock will be awarded 
to each non-employee director, restricted until the later of the 
expiration of one year or completion of service on the Board of Directors.


Note Ten:  Stockholders' Equity and Put Options
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    $.10 Par Value Common Stock                                     Cumulative
                                  (One Billion Shares Authorized)                        Unearned      Foreign
In Millions, Except                  Issued            Treasury           Retained   Compensation     Currency
per Share Data                   Shares   Amount   Shares     Amount      Earnings      and Other   Adjustment       Total

<S>                              <C>      <C>       <C>    <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>       <C>
Balance at May 26, 1991          204.2    $320.2    (39.1) $  (777.4)     $1,795.5        $(177.6)      $(47.2)   $1,113.5
Net earnings                                                                 495.6                                   495.6
Cash dividends declared          
 ($1.48 per share), net         
 of income taxes of $3.1                                                    (242.1)                                 (242.1)
Stock option, profit            
 sharing and ESOP plans                     23.4      1.1       21.5                                                  44.9
Shares purchased on open       
 market                                               (.7)     (47.0)                                                (47.0)
Unearned compensation related 
 to restricted stock awards                                                                  (4.3)                    (4.3)
Earned compensation                                                                           9.6                      9.6
Translation adjustments, net 
 of income taxes of $.7                                                                                   (6.7)       (6.7)
Amount charged to gain on 
 sale of foreign operation                                                                                 7.4         7.4
Balance at May 31, 1992          204.2     343.6    (38.7)    (802.9)      2,049.0         (172.3)       (46.5)    1,370.9
Net earnings                                                                 506.1                                   506.1
Cash dividends declared ($1.68
 per share), net of income
 taxes of $4.2                                                              (270.6)                                 (270.6)
Stock option, profit sharing 
 and ESOP plans                             15.1      1.3       19.7                                                  34.8
Shares purchased on open 
 market                                              (6.3)    (413.2)                                               (413.2)
Unearned compensation related 
 to restricted stock awards                                                                  (3.2)                    (3.2)
Earned compensation                                                                           9.6                      9.6
Minimum pension liability 
 adjustment                                                                                  (1.6)                    (1.6)
Translation adjustments, net 
 of income tax benefit of $2.0                                                                           (14.3)      (14.3)
Balance at May 30, 1993          204.2     358.7    (43.7)  (1,196.4)      2,284.5         (167.5)       (60.8)    1,218.5
Net earnings                                                                 469.9                                   469.9
Cash dividends declared ($1.88
 per share), net of income
 taxes of $2.9                                                              (296.5)                                 (296.5)
Stock option, profit sharing 
 and ESOP plans                              8.0       .4        7.5                                                  15.5
Shares purchased on open market                      (2.4)    (145.7)                                               (145.7)
Put option premium                           6.3                  .2                                                   6.5
Transfer of put options                   (122.0)                                                                   (122.0)
Unearned compensation related 
 to restricted stock awards                                                                  (3.9)                    (3.9)
Earned compensation                                                                           9.6                      9.6
Minimum pension liability 
 adjustment                                                                                   1.6                      1.6
Translation adjustments, net 
 of income taxes of $4.2                                                                                  (2.3)       (2.3)

Balance at May 29, 1994          204.2    $251.0    (45.7) $(1,334.4)     $2,457.9        $(160.2)      $(63.1)   $1,151.2
</TABLE>

Cumulative preference stock of 5.0 million shares, without par value, 
is authorized but unissued.

 We have a shareholder rights plan that entitles each
outstanding share of common stock to one-fourth of a right.
Each right entitles the holder to purchase one one-hundredth
of a share of cumulative preference stock (or, in certain
circumstances, common stock or other securities), exercisable
upon the occurrence of certain events.  The rights are not
transferable apart from the common stock until a person or
group has acquired 20% or more, or makes a tender offer for
20% or more, of the common stock.  If the Company is then
acquired in a merger or other business combination
transaction, each right will entitle the holder (other than
the acquiring company) to receive, upon exercise, common stock
of either the Company or the acquiring company having a value
equal to two times the exercise price of the right.  The
rights are redeemable by the Board in certain circumstances
and expire on March 7, 1996.  At May 29, 1994, there were 39.6
million rights issued and outstanding.

 The Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase, from
time to time, of common stock for our treasury, provided that
the number of shares held in treasury shall not exceed 60.0
million.

  Through private placements, we issued put options that
entitle the holder to sell shares of our common stock to us,
at a specified price, if the holder exercises the option.  In
1994, we issued put options for 2.6 million shares for $6.5
million in premiums.  As of May 29, 1994, put options for 2.2
million shares remain outstanding at strike prices ranging
from $50.00 to $59.99 per share with exercise dates from July
1994 to March 1995.  The amount related to our potential
obligation has been transferred from stockholders' equity to
"Common Stock Subject to Put Options."


Note Eleven:  Interest Expense

The components of net interest expense are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                              Fiscal Year
In Millions                           1994       1993       1992

<S>                                 <C>         <C>        <C>
Interest expense                    $121.7      $99.8      $89.5
Capitalized interest                  (6.1)     (11.5)     (13.6)
Interest income                      (16.4)     (14.7)     (17.7)
   Interest expense, net            $ 99.2      $73.6      $58.2
</TABLE>

 During 1994, 1993 and 1992, we paid interest (net of amount
capitalized) of $99.0 million, $77.0 million and $70.7 million,
respectively.


Note Twelve:  Retirement Plans

We have defined benefit plans covering most employees.  Benefits
for salaried employees are based on length of service and final
average compensation.  The hourly plans include various monthly
amounts for each year of credited service.  Our funding policy
is consistent with the funding requirements of federal law and
regulations.  Our principal plan covering salaried employees has
a provision that any excess pension assets would be vested in
plan participants if the plan is terminated within five years of
a change in control.  Plan assets consist principally of listed
equity securities and corporate obligations, and U.S. government
securities.

 Components of net pension income are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                            Fiscal Year
Expense (Income) in Millions                      1994        1993       1992

<S>                                             <C>         <C>        <C>
Service cost--benefits earned                   $ 19.1      $ 14.7     $ 14.2
Interest cost on projected benefit obligation     57.8        52.6       51.2
Actual return on plan assets                     (50.5)     (136.6)     (75.0)
Net amortization and deferral                    (47.0)       38.3      (26.1)
 Net pension expense (income)                   $(20.6)     $(31.0)    $(35.7)
</TABLE>

 The weighted-average discount rate and rate of increase in future 
compensation levels used in determining the actuarial present value 
of the benefit obligations were 8.8% and 4.6% in 1994, and 8.5% and 
5.1% in 1993, respectively.  The expected long-term rate of return 
on assets was 10.4%.

 The funded status of the plans and the amount recognized on the
consolidated balance sheets (as determined as of May 31, 1994
and 1993) are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         May 29, 1994                 May 30, 1993
                                     Assets   Accumulated         Assets   Accumulated
                                     Exceed      Benefits         Exceed      Benefits
                                Accumulated        Exceed    Accumulated        Exceed
In Millions                        Benefits        Assets       Benefits        Assets

<S>                                  <C>           <C>            <C>           <C>
Actuarial present value of
 benefit obligations:
   Vested benefits                   $572.7        $ 24.1         $545.5        $ 12.1
   Nonvested benefits                  55.9           3.3           55.0           2.3
Accumulated benefit obligations       628.6          27.4          600.5          14.4
Projected benefit obligation          688.4          30.3          680.9          18.8
Plan assets at fair value             920.8          10.7          921.6             -
Plan assets in excess of
 (less than) the projected
 benefit obligation                   232.4         (19.6)         240.7         (18.8)
Unrecognized prior service cost        31.4           2.9           40.1            .3
Unrecognized net loss                 148.1          10.7          125.3           6.0
Recognition of minimum liability          -         (10.1)             -         (10.7)
Unrecognized transition (asset)
 liability                           (130.6)          6.2         (148.7)          8.8
   Prepaid (accrued) pension cost    $281.3        $ (9.9)        $257.4        $(14.4)
</TABLE>

 We have defined contribution plans covering salaried and non-
union employees.  Contributions are determined by matching a
percentage of employee contributions.  Such plans had net assets
of $665.3 million at May 31, 1994.  Expense recognized in 1994,
1993 and 1992 was $6.7 million, $9.6 million and $12.7 million,
respectively.

 Within our defined contribution plans we have Employee Stock
Ownership Plans (ESOPs).  These ESOPs borrowed funds guaranteed
by the Company with terms described in the long-term debt
footnote, as well as originally borrowed $35.0 million from the
Company at a variable interest rate.  At May 29, 1994, the
interest rate was 4.6% with outstanding amounts of $21.0 million
due December 2014 and $7.2 million with sinking fund payments to
June 2015.  Compensation expense is recognized as contributions
are accrued.  Our contributions to the plans, plus the dividends
accumulated on the common stock held by the ESOPs, are used to
pay principal, interest and expenses of the plans.  As loan
payments are made, common stock is allocated to ESOP
participants.  In 1994, 1993 and 1992, the ESOPs incurred
interest expense of $9.0 million, $9.6 million and $11.3 million,
respectively, and used dividends received of $8.9 million, $8.2
million and $7.8 million and contributions received from the
Company of $7.4 million, $7.4 million and $7.1 million,
respectively, to pay principal and interest on their debt.


Note Thirteen:  Other Postretirement and Postemployment Benefits

We sponsor several plans that provide health care benefits to
the majority of our retirees.  The salaried plan is
contributory with retiree contributions based on years of
service.

 We fund plans for certain employees and retirees on an annual
basis.  In 1994, 1993 and 1992 we contributed $38.3 million,
$30.6 million and $4.2 million, respectively.  Plan assets
consist principally of listed equity securities and U.S.
government securities.

 Components of the postretirement health care expense are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Fiscal Year
Expense (Income) in Millions                           1994      1993     1992

<S>                                                   <C>      <C>        <C>
Service cost--benefits earned                         $ 5.6    $  3.6     $3.5
Interest cost on accumulated benefit obligation        14.0      11.0      9.7
Actual return on plan assets                           (1.5)     (3.9)    (3.0)
Net amortization and deferral                          (4.5)     (1.0)    (1.2)
  Net postretirement expense                          $13.6    $  9.7     $9.0
</TABLE>

 The funded status of the plans and the amount recognized on our consolidated 
balance sheets are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                May 29, 1994       May 30, 1993
                                            Assets   Accumulated    Accumulated
                                            Exceed      Benefits       Benefits
                                       Accumulated        Exceed         Exceed
In Millions                               Benefits        Assets         Assets

<S>                                         <C>            <C>           <C>
Accumulated benefit obligations:
  Retirees                                  $ 36.3         $48.7         $ 80.0
  Fully eligible active employees             12.7           8.0           19.3
  Other active employees                      27.0          48.5           70.4
Accumulated benefit obligations               76.0         105.2          169.7
Plan assets at fair value                     89.3           7.4           60.8
Accumulated benefit obligations in excess 
  of (less than) plan assets                 (13.3)         97.8          108.9
Unrecognized prior service cost                 .1          12.2           14.3
Unrecognized net loss                        (28.1)        (27.7)         (51.1)
  Accrued (prepaid) postretirement benefits $(41.3)        $82.3         $ 72.1
</TABLE>

 The discount rates used in determining the actuarial present value of the 
benefit obligations were 8.8% and 8.5% in 1994 and 1993, respectively.  
The expected long-term rate of return on assets was 10%.

 The health care cost trend rate increase in the per capita charges for 
benefits ranged from 6.2% to 9.8% for 1995 depending on the medical service 
category.  The rates gradually decrease to 4.4% to 5.7% for 2007 and remain 
at that level thereafter.  If the health care cost trend rate increased by 
one percentage point in each future year, the aggregate of the service and 
interest cost components of postretirement expense would increase for 1994 
by $3.1 million and the accumulated benefit obligation as of May 29, 1994
would increase by $24.6 million.

 In 1994, we adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for
Postemployment Benefits."  The cumulative effect as of May 31,
1993 of changing to the accrual basis for severance and
disability costs was a decrease in net earnings of $17.3
million ($.11 per share).


Note Fourteen:  Profit-sharing Plans

We have profit-sharing plans to provide incentives to key
individuals who have the greatest potential to contribute to
current earnings and successful future operations.  These plans
were approved by the Board of Directors upon recommendation of
the Compensation Committee.  The awards under these plans depend
on profit performance in relation to pre-established goals.  The
plans are administered by the Compensation Committee, which
consists solely of outside directors.  Profit-sharing expense,
including performance unit accruals, was $1.7 million, $7.3
million and $8.8 million in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively.

Note Fifteen:  Income Taxes

We adopted SFAS No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" as of 
May 31, 1993.  The adoption of SFAS 109 changed our method of
accounting for income taxes from the deferred method to the
asset and liability method.  Deferred income taxes reflect the
differences between assets and liabilities recognized for
financial reporting purposes and amounts recognized for tax
purposes measured using the current enacted tax rates.  The
cumulative effect of adoption was an increase in net earnings of
$17.5 million ($.11 per share).

 The components of earnings before income taxes and the income
taxes thereon are as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                    Fiscal Year
In Millions                                 1994      1993      1992

<S>                                       <C>       <C>       <C>
Earnings (loss) before income taxes:
  U.S.                                    $746.4    $887.2    $818.3
  Foreign                                    6.9     (43.2)     26.2
      Total earnings before income taxes  $753.3    $844.0    $844.5

Income taxes:
  Current:
    Federal                               $246.5    $243.1    $254.0
    State and local                         60.9      60.2      55.1
    Foreign                                  4.0      (6.2)     16.3
      Total current                        311.4     297.1     325.4
  Deferred (principally U.S.)              (27.8)     40.8      13.5
      Total income taxes                  $283.6    $337.9    $338.9
</TABLE>

 During 1994, income tax benefits of $3.5 million were allocated
to stockholders' equity.  These benefits were attributable to
the exercise of employee stock options, dividends paid on
unallocated ESOP shares and translation adjustments.

 During 1994, 1993 and 1992, we paid income taxes of $273.8
million, $268.3 million and $326.4 million, respectively.

 In prior years we purchased certain income tax items from other
companies through tax lease transactions.  Total current income
taxes charged to earnings reflect the amounts attributable to
operations and have not been materially affected by these tax
leases.  Actual current taxes payable on 1994, 1993 and 1992
operations were increased by approximately $10 million, $10
million and $8 million, respectively, due to the effect of tax
leases.  These tax payments do not affect taxes for statement of
earnings purposes since they repay tax benefits realized in
prior years.  The repayment liability is classified as "Deferred
Income Taxes - Tax Leases."

The following table reconciles the U.S. statutory income tax
rate with the effective income tax rate:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 Fiscal Year
                                          1994      1993      1992

<S>                                       <C>       <C>       <C>
U.S. statutory rate                       35.0%     34.0%     34.0%
State and local income taxes, net of
 federal tax benefits                      5.0       5.2       4.9
Other, net                                (2.4)       .8       1.2
  Effective income tax rate               37.6%     40.0%     40.1%
</TABLE>

  The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to
deferred tax assets and liabilities at May 29, 1994 are as
follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
In Millions

<S>                                                       <C>
Accrued liabilities                                       $129.1
Unusual charge for oats                                     59.8
Compensation and employee benefits                          59.6
Disposition liabilities                                     37.5
Foreign tax loss carryforward                               16.2
Other                                                       13.6
  Gross deferred tax assets                                315.8
Depreciation                                               219.5
Prepaid pension asset                                      112.0
Intangible assets                                           12.7
Other                                                       37.5
  Gross deferred tax liabilities                           381.7
Valuation allowance                                         11.1
  Net deferred tax liability                              $ 77.0
</TABLE>

 As of May 29, 1994, we have foreign operating loss carryovers
for tax purposes of $40.9 million, which will expire as follows
if not offset against future taxable income:  $11.0 million in
1998, $9.3 million in 1999, $10.9 million in 2000 and $9.7
million in 2001.

 We have not recognized a deferred tax liability for unremitted
earnings of $60.1 million for our foreign operations because we
do not expect those earnings to become taxable to us in the
foreseeable future.  A determination of the potential liability
is not practicable.  If a portion were to be remitted, we
believe income tax credits would substantially offset any
resulting tax liability.


Note Sixteen:  Leases and Other Commitments

An analysis of rent expense by property leased follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Fiscal Year
In Millions                             1994      1993      1992

<S>                                    <C>       <C>       <C>
Restaurant space                       $41.2     $39.5     $33.9
Warehouse space                         13.8      13.0      12.6
Equipment                               10.6      10.6       8.3
Other                                    3.9       5.5       5.4
  Total rent expense                   $69.5     $68.6     $60.2
</TABLE>

 Some leases require payment of property taxes, insurance and
maintenance costs in addition to the rent payments.  Contingent
and escalation rent in excess of minimum rent payments and
sublease income netted in rent expense were insignificant.

 Noncancelable future lease commitments are (in millions) $60.6
in 1995, $56.2 in 1996, $52.0 in 1997, $46.9 in 1998, $43.6 in
1999 and $236.5 after 1999, with a cumulative total of $495.8.

 We are contingently liable under guarantees and comfort
letters for $88.5 million.  The guarantees and comfort
letters are issued to support borrowing arrangements,
primarily for our joint ventures.


Note Seventeen:  Discontinued Operations

We recorded a net after-tax charge related to previously discontinued
operations of $10.0 million ($.06 per share) in 1992.  This charge
primarily related to a lease adjustment with the
R. H. Macy Company, which is operating under bankruptcy law
protection.


Note Eighteen:  Segment Information
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Unallocated
                               Consumer                      Corporate       Consolidated
In Millions                       Foods     Restaurants      Items (a)              Total

<S>                            <C>             <C>            <C>                <C>
Sales
 1994                          $5,553.9        $2,963.0                          $8,516.9
 1993                           5,397.2         2,737.4                           8,134.6
 1992                           5,233.8         2,544.0                           7,777.8
Operating Profits
 1994                             653.1(b)        219.4       $(119.2)              753.3
 1993                             772.6(c)        181.4(c)     (110.0)              844.0
 1992                             744.3(d)        190.8         (90.6)              844.5
Identifiable Assets
 1994                           2,820.8         1,834.9         542.6             5,198.3
 1993                           2,576.4         1,605.0         469.4             4,650.8
 1992                           2,481.2         1,419.3         404.5             4,305.0
Capital Expenditures
 1994                             207.7           343.3           8.5               559.5
 1993                             321.6           301.2           1.0               623.8
 1992                             397.1           297.0           1.2               695.3
Depreciation and Amortization
 1994                             176.6           125.4           1.8               303.8
 1993                             155.8           116.8           1.6               274.2
 1992                             142.2           101.0           4.2               247.4
</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                           Unallocated
                                                             Corporate       Consolidated
                                 U.S.A.         Foreign      Items (a)              Total

<S>                            <C>               <C>          <C>                <C>
Sales
 1994                          $8,172.1          $344.8                          $8,516.9
 1993                           7,719.4           415.2                           8,134.6
 1992                           7,039.6           738.2                           7,777.8
Operating Profits
 1994                             875.6(b)         (3.1)      $(119.2)              753.3
 1993                             997.1(c)        (43.1)(c)    (110.0)              844.0
 1992                             896.3(d)         38.8 (d)     (90.6)              844.5
Identifiable Assets
 1994                           4,297.6           358.1         542.6             5,198.3
 1993                           3,828.3           353.1         469.4             4,650.8
 1992                           3,452.2           448.3         404.5             4,305.0

<FN>
(a) Corporate expenses reported here include net interest expense
    and general corporate expenses.
(b) Consumer Foods operating profits include a charge of $146.9
    million for unusual items described in note two.
(c) Consumer Foods and Restaurants operating profits include a
    charge of $33.4 million and $30.6 million, respectively,
    (U.S.A. $35.5 million; Foreign $28.5 million) for unusual
    items.
(d) Consumer Foods operating profits include a net gain of $17.5
    million (U.S.A. $20.5 million loss; Foreign $38.0 million
    gain) for unusual items.
</FN>
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
Note Nineteen:  Quarterly Data (unaudited)

Summarized quarterly data for 1994 and 1993 follows:
<CAPTION>
                                                      First                Second              Third        
In Millions, Except per Share                        Quarter              Quarter             Quarter       
and Market Price Amounts                         1994      1993       1994      1993       1994      1993    

<S>                                          <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>        
Sales                                        $2,089.8   2,019.6   $2,182.2  $2,096.9   $2,101.4  $2,010.7   
Gross profit (a)                              1,011.7     977.3    1,055.1   1,016.6      994.6     941.4     
Earnings from operations                        165.6     159.6      140.7     138.1      145.0     140.9(b) 
Earnings per share from operations               1.04       .97        .88       .85        .91       .86     
Cumulative effect of accounting changes            .2         -          -         -          -         -    
Net earnings                                    165.8     159.6      140.7     138.1      145.0     140.9    
Net earnings per share                           1.04       .97        .88       .85        .91       .86    
Dividends per share                               .47       .42        .47       .42        .47       .42    
Market price of common stock:
 High                                          68 3/4    71 1/8     67 3/4    73 7/8     63        72 1/2   
 Low                                           56 7/8    62         59 5/8    64 1/2     55 1/2    65      
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                     Fourth                Total
In Millions, Except per Share                       Quarter                 Year
and Market Price Amounts                        1994        1993        1994      1993

<S>                                         <C>         <C>         <C>       <C>
Sales                                       $2,143.5    $2,007.4    $8,516.9  $8,134.6
Gross profit (a)                               997.3       901.7     4,058.7   3,837.0
Earnings from operations                        18.4(c)     67.5(d)    469.7     506.1
Earnings per share from operations               .12         .42        2.95      3.10
Cumulative effect of accounting changes            -           -          .2         -
Net earnings                                    18.4        67.5       469.9     506.1
Net earnings per share                           .12         .42        2.95      3.10
Dividends per share                              .47         .42        1.88      1.68
Market price of common stock:
 High                                         57          74 1/8      68 3/4    74 1/8
 Low                                          49 7/8      64 1/8      49 7/8    62


<FN>
(a)   Before charges for depreciation.
(b)   Includes an after-tax loss of $8.7 million ($.05 per share) for a restructuring charge for SVE.
(c)   Includes an after-tax loss of $87.1 million ($.55 per share) related to the improper treatment of oat supplies.
(d)   Includes an after-tax loss of $47.0 million ($.29 per share) for restructuring charges related to restaurant closings and 
      Consumer Foods manufacturing costs.
</FN>
</TABLE>


ELEVEN YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY AS REPORTED
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             May 29,      May 30,      May 31,      May 26,       May 27,
In Millions, Except per Share Data              1994         1993         1992         1991          1990

<S>                                         <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>          <C>
Financial Results
Earnings (loss) per share (a)               $   2.95    $    3.10    $    2.99    $    2.87    $    2.32
Return on average equity                        37.7%        39.1%        39.9%        49.2%        49.5%
Dividends per share (a)                         1.88         1.68         1.48         1.28         1.10
Sales                                        8,516.9      8,134.6      7,777.8      7,153.2      6,448.3
Costs and expenses:
 Cost of sales                               4,458.2      4,297.6      4,123.2      3,722.1      3,485.1
 Selling, general and administrative         2,902.4      2,645.2      2,504.5      2,386.0      2,138.0
 Depreciation and amortization                 303.8        274.2        247.4        218.4        180.1
 Interest                                       99.2         73.6         58.2         61.1         32.4
Earnings before income taxes                   753.3(b)     844.0(c)     844.5        765.6        612.7
Net earnings (loss)                            469.9        506.1        495.6        472.7        381.4
Net earnings (loss) as a percent of sales        5.5%         6.2%         6.4%         6.6%         5.9%
Weighted average no. of common shares(a)       159.1        163.1        165.7        164.5        164.4
Taxes (income, payroll, property, etc.) 
  per share (a)                                 2.98         3.14         3.09         2.77         2.29

Financial Position
Total assets                                 5,198.3      4,650.8      4,305.0      3,901.8      3,289.5
Land, buildings and equipment, net           3,092.6      2,859.6      2,648.6      2,241.3      1,934.5
Working capital at year end                   (702.9)      (481.9)      (337.1)      (190.1)      (263.1)
Long-term debt, excluding current portion    1,417.2      1,268.3        920.5        879.0        688.5
Stockholders' equity                         1,151.2      1,218.5      1,370.9      1,113.5        809.7
Stockholders' equity per share (a)              7.26         7.59         8.28         6.74         4.96

Other Statistics
Cash provided by operations                    836.0        865.9        790.4        548.6        657.1
Total dividends                                299.4        274.8        245.2        210.6        180.8
Gross capital expenditures                     559.5        623.8        695.3        554.6        540.0
Research and development                        63.6         60.1         62.1         57.0         48.2
Advertising media expenditures                 409.5        395.4        426.8        419.6        394.9
Wages, salaries and employee benefits        1,490.0      1,433.2      1,398.5      1,331.6      1,171.5
Number of employees                          125,670      121,290      111,501      108,077       97,238
Accumulated LIFO reserve                        53.0         60.3         67.0         75.9         71.4
Common stock price range (a)                  68 3/4       74 1/8       75 7/8       60 7/8       39 5/8
                                              49 7/8       62           54 1/4       37 7/8       31 3/8
<FN>
(a) Year 1990 has been adjusted for the two-for-one stock split in 
    November 1990.
(b) Includes pretax unusual expense of $146.9 million.
(c) Includes pretax restructuring charge of $67.0 million.
</FN>
</TABLE>

FINANCIAL DATA FOR CONTINUING OPERATIONS
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                          Fiscal Year Ended
In Millions, Except        May 29,   May 30,    May 31,   May 26,   May 27,
per Share Data                1994      1993       1992      1991      1990

<S>                       <C>       <C>        <C>       <C>       <C>
Sales                     $8,516.9  $8,134.6   $7,777.8  $7,153.2  $6,448.3
Earnings after taxes         469.7     506.1      505.6     464.2     373.7
Earnings per share            2.95      3.10       3.05      2.82      2.27
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>15
<DESCRIPTION>LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.
<TEXT>

                                                 EXHIBIT 21
                                
                    GENERAL MILLS, INC. SUBSIDIARIES
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Percentage
                                                Country or        of Voting
                                                State in Which   Securities
                                                Each Subsidiary    Owned
                                                Was Organized      (Note 1)


<S>                                             <C>                <C>
ALTCARE CORPORATION                             Minnesota           50
 Elder Homestead Corporation                    Minnesota           50
CMHC, INC.                                      Delaware           100
COLOMBO DAIRY FOODS LTD.                        Ontario            100
COLOMBO, INC.                                   Delaware           100
COLOMBO YOGURT SHOP, QUINCY MARKET, INC.        Delaware           100
C.P.A. CEREAL PARTNERS HANDELSGESELLSCHAFT
   m.b.H. (Note 12)                             Austria             50
C.P.D. CEREAL PARTNERS DEUTSCHLAND
   VERWALTUNGSGESSELSCHAFT m.b.H (Note 2)       Germany             50
CPW MEXICO S.A. de C.V.                         Mexico              50
CPW S.A. (Note 15)                              Switzerland         50
FYL CORP.                                       California         100
GENERAL MILLS CONTINENTAL, INC. (Note 13)       Delaware           100
GENERAL MILLS EUROPE LIMITED                    England            100
 C.P. HELLES EEIG                               Greece              50
GENERAL MILLS FINANCE, INC.                     Delaware           100
GENERAL MILLS FRANCE S.A.                       France             100
 GMSNACKS, SCA (Note 3)                         France              43.29
   Snack Ventures Europe, SCA (Note 4)          Belgium             40.49
     Biscuiterie Nantaise-BN, S.A.              France             100
     Laprovar Sociedade de Productos
        Alimentares, S.A.                       Portugal           100
     Smiths Food Group B.V.                     The Netherlands    100
     Tasty Foods S.A.                           Greece             100
GENERAL MILLS HOLDING B.V. (Note 5)             The Netherlands    100
 CEREAL PARTNERS FRANCE B.V. (Note 6)           The Netherlands    100
 GENERAL MILLS HOLLAND B.V. (Note 7)            The Netherlands    100
   GMR Japan, Inc.                              Japan              100
 SMITHS FOOD GROUP DEUTSCHLAND B.V.             The Netherlands    100
 SMITHS FOOD GROUP ESPANA B.V. (Note 8)         The Netherlands    100
GENERAL MILLS MAARSSEN B.V.                     The Netherlands    100
GENERAL MILLS PRODUCTS CORP.                    Delaware           100
 GENERAL MILLS INTERNATIONAL LIMITED (Note 13)  Delaware           100
 INDUSTRIA HARINERA GUATEMALTECA, S.A.          Guatemala           50
   Programacion y Computacion, S.A.             
     ("PROCOMSA")                               Guatemala           99.8
   Triticus S.A.                                Guatemala           99.8
 INMOBILIARIA SELENE, S.A. DE C.V.              Mexico             100
 TORONTO MACARONI & IMPORTED FOODS LIMITED      Ontario            100
   General Mills Canada, Inc. (Note 9)          Canada             100
     893643 Ontario, Inc.                       Ontario            100
     GMR of Alberta, Inc.                       Alberta            100
   Industria del Maiz, S.A.                     Guatemala           50
GENERAL MILLS RESTAURANTS, INC. (Note 10)       Florida            100
GOLD MEDAL INSURANCE CO. (Note 11)              Minnesota          100
GRANDES MOLINOS DE VENEZUELA, S.A               Venezuela           16.1
MILLS SYNDICATED PROPERTIES, INC.               Minnesota          100
NESTLE ASEAN PHILIPPINES, INC. (Note 14)        The Philippines     30
YOPLAIT USA, INC.                               Delaware           100
</TABLE>

Notes to list of subsidiaries:

1. Except where noted, the percentage of ownership refers to the
   total ownership by the indicated parent corporation.

2. General Mills, Inc. also owns a 50% ownership interest in a
   partnership organized under the laws of Germany.

3. General Mills Holland B.V. owns a 29.34% interest in
   GMSNACKS, SCA, General Mills Holding B.V. owns a 26.25%
   interest in GMSNACKS, SCA, and General Mills Products Corp.
   owns a 1.12% interest in GMSNACKS, SCA.

4. General Mills Holding B.V. owns a .01% interest in Snack
   Ventures Europe, SCA.

5. General Mills Holding B.V. and General Mills, Inc. together
   own a 100% interest in a Belgian partnership, General Mills
   Belgium, SNC, which also has a 50% interest in a partnership
   organized under the laws of Portugal.

6. Cereal Partners France B.V., General Mills, Inc. and General
   Mills France S.A. own a 100% interest in a French
   partnership, GMEAF SNC, which owns a 50% interest in a
   partnership organized under the laws of France.

7. General Mills Holland B.V. owns a 19% ownership interest in a
   partnership organized under the laws of Japan.

8. Smiths Food Group Espana B.V. owns a 50% interest in a
   partnership organized under the laws of Spain.

9. General Mills Canada, Inc. and General Mills Products Corp.
   together own a 100% interest in a Canadian partnership,
   General Mills North America Affiliates, which owns a 50%
   interest in a partnership organized under the laws of the
   United Kingdom.

10.General Mills Restaurants, Inc. ("GMRI") owns and operates
   full-service specialty seafood and Italian restaurants.  In
   order to comply with certain state laws, GMRI has 43 wholly-
   owned domestic subsidiaries; 2 domestic subsidiaries in which
   it has a 97% ownership interest; 1 domestic subsidiary in
   which it has a 50% ownership interest; and 13 domestic
   subsidiaries in which it has a 49% ownership interest.

11.Eighty-one percent of the voting securities are owned by
   General Mills, Inc. and 19% of the voting securities are
   owned by General Mills Canada, Inc.

12.General Mills, Inc. also owns a 50% ownership interest in a
   partnership organized under the laws of Austria.

13.General Mills Continental, Inc. and General Mills
   International Limited together own a 100% interest in a
   Chilean partnership, General Mills Continental, Inc. y
   Compania, which owns a 50% interest in Cereales C.P.W. Chile
   Limitada, a corporation organized under the laws of Chile.

14.The 30% ownership interest of General Mills, inc. is held in
   trust by Nestle, S.A.

15.General Mills, Inc. also owns a 50% ownership interest in a
   partnership organized under the laws of Switzerland.
                                



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>16
<DESCRIPTION>CONSENT OF KPMG PEAT MARWICK
<TEXT>

                                             EXHIBIT 23


                        AUDITORS' CONSENT


The Board of Directors
General Mills, Inc.:

   We  consent  to incorporation by reference in the Registration
Statements  (Nos. 2-49637, 2-91893, 33-15323, 33-37474,  33-39927
and  33-56032) on Form S-3 and Registration Statements  (Nos.  2-
13460, 2-53523, 2-66320, 2-91987, 2-95574, 33-24504, 33-27628, 33-
32059, 33-36892, 33-36893, 33-51070 and 33-50337) on Form S-8  of
General  Mills, Inc. of our reports dated July 29, 1994, relating
to  the  consolidated balance sheets of General Mills,  Inc.  and
subsidiaries as of May 29, 1994 and May 30, 1993 and the  related
consolidated  statements  of earnings,  cash  flows  and  related
financial statement schedules for each of the fiscal years in the
three-year period ended May 29, 1994, which reports are  included
or incorporated by reference in the May 29, 1994 annual report on
Form 10-K of General Mills, Inc.
  Our report covering the basic consolidated financial statements
refers  to changes in the method of accounting for postemployment
benefits and for income taxes.
                              KPMG Peat Marwick

Minneapolis, Minnesota
August 22, 1994



</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
