-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 aym5JyNDvddpMMZKRykLz4KtXszrPQZO3DPEiEw+hMumQZilzjvQwSDD0bnTTKoZ
 qpmsDQStye2HWrJCBx0PpQ==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000892569-94-000280.txt : 19941014
<IMS-HEADER>0000892569-94-000280.hdr.sgml : 19941014
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000892569-94-000280
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940923
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WESTERN DIGITAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000106040
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3577
		IRS NUMBER:				952647125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08703
		FILM NUMBER:		94550120

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8105 IRVINE CENTER DR
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92718
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7149325000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8105 IRVINE CENTER DR
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92718

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GENERAL DIGITAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730125
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
 
                     SECURITIES  AND  EXCHANGE  COMMISSION
 
                             Washington, D.C. 20549
 
                                   FORM  10-K
 
/X/ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
                                    OF 1934
                                 [FEE REQUIRED]
 
                    For the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994
 
                                       OR
 
/ / TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
                                  ACT OF 1934
                               [NO FEE REQUIRED]
 
                     For the transition period from      to
 
                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 1-8703
 
                         WESTERN  DIGITAL  CORPORATION
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                              <C>
                  DELAWARE                                        95-2647125
       (State or other jurisdiction of               (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)
       incorporation or organization)
          8105 IRVINE CENTER DRIVE
             IRVINE, CALIFORNIA                                      92718
  (Address of principal executive offices)                        (Zip Code)
</TABLE>
 
       REGISTRANT'S TELEPHONE NUMBER, INCLUDING AREA CODE (714) 932-5000
 
          SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT:
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                                   <C>
          TITLE OF EACH CLASS:                        NAME OF EACH EXCHANGE ON WHICH REGISTERED:
Common Stock, $.10 Par Value                          New York Stock Exchange
9% Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2014       New York Stock Exchange
Rights to Purchase Series A Junior Participating      New York Stock Exchange
  Preferred Stock
</TABLE>
 
           SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT:
 
                                      NONE
 
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. YES /X/  NO / /
 
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K / /
 
As of September 1, 1994, the aggregate market value of the voting stock of the
Registrant held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was $658.6 million.
 
As of September 1, 1994, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, par
value $.10 per share, of the Registrant was 45,253,954.
 
Information required by Part III is incorporated by reference to portions of the
Registrant's Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which
will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after
the close of the 1994 fiscal year.
<PAGE>   2
 
                               ------------------
                                     PART I
 
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
 
GENERAL
 
Western Digital Corporation (the "Company" or "Western Digital") designs,
manufactures and sells small form factor Winchester disk drives for the mid-to
high-end personal computer ("PC") market. The Company is one of the five largest
independent manufacturers of these drives. The Company's principal drive
products are 3.5-inch form factor disk drives with storage capacities from 210
megabytes ("MBs") to 1 gigabyte ("GB") including the Caviar AC31000, a 1 GB
drive, which began initial volume shipments in June 1994.
 
The disk drive market is highly cyclical and is characterized by significant
price erosion over the life of a product, periodic rapid price declines due to
industry over-capacity or other competitive factors, technological changes,
changing market requirements and requirements for significant expenditures for
product development. The Company's disk drive strategy in response to these
conditions is to achieve time-to-market leadership with new product
introductions while minimizing its fixed cost structure and maximizing the
utilization of its assets. The Company implements this strategy, in part, by
capitalizing on its expertise in control and communication electronics to
deliver greater storage capacity per disk from components widely available in
the commercial market, such as disks and heads, and to provide a high degree of
commonality of component parts among its disk drive products.
 
The Company also designs, manufactures and sells an array of microcomputer
products ("MCP") consisting of integrated circuits ("ICs") and board products
which perform or enhance graphics and input/output ("I/O") functions in PCs and
other computer systems. The Company's MCP strategy is to bring to market
superior graphical user interface and I/O control products through its
applications knowledge and integrated circuit design capability.
 
The Company sells its products through its worldwide direct sales force
primarily to PC manufacturers, and, to a lesser extent, resellers and
distributors. The Company's direct sales organization is structured so that each
customer is served by a single sales team which markets the Company's entire
product line. The Company's OEM (original equipment manufacturer) customers
include AST Research, AT&T, Dell Computer, Gateway 2000, IBM, NEC,
Siemens-Nixdorf, Toshiba and Zenith Data Systems.
 
In December 1993, the Company sold its Irvine, California silicon wafer
fabrication facility and certain other tangible assets to the Semiconductor
Products Sector of Motorola, Inc. ("Motorola") for approximately $111.0 million
plus certain other considerations, including the assumption by Motorola of
equipment leases and certain other liabilities associated with the facility.
Approximately $95.0 million of the proceeds from the sale were used to reduce
bank indebtedness. Concurrent with the sale, the Company entered into a supply
contract with Motorola under which Motorola will supply silicon wafers to
Western Digital for at least two years. The Company has entered into various
other silicon wafer supply agreements since the sale of the facility and
anticipates that it will enter into additional supply arrangements with other
companies in the future. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company
initiated plans to convert its wholly-owned facility in Malaysia from an IC
assembly and test facility to a disk drive manufacturing facility. The
conversion of the facility is expected to be complete and operational by the
second quarter of fiscal 1995. The Company has obtained independent contractors
to supply finished ICs that were previously supplied by the Company's Malaysia
facility. However, a disruption in the supply of wafers or finished ICs for any
reason could have a material adverse impact on the Company -- see
"Manufacturing".
 
The Company's principal executive offices are located at 8105 Irvine Center
Drive, Irvine, California 92718, and its telephone number is (714) 932-5000.
Unless otherwise indicated, references herein to specific years correspond to
the Company's fiscal years ending June 30.
 
                                      ---
 
                                        1
<PAGE>   3
 
MARKETS
 
The Company sells its disk drive products primarily to manufacturers of mid-to
high-performance desktop and notebook PCs and to selected resellers and
distributors. The market for the Company's products is characterized by short
product life cycles and a continuing demand for increasingly cost-effective,
high-performance products. In addition, the disk drive market has in recent
years experienced periods of extraordinary competitive price discounting which
produced significant operating losses for a number of competitors in this
market, including Western Digital.
 
The rapid increase in PC performance and storage requirements and the need for
PC manufacturers to differentiate their products have increased the demand for
higher capacity products. At the same time, intense price competition among PC
manufacturers requires that disk drive suppliers also meet aggressive cost
targets in order to become high-volume suppliers. The market for PC disk drives
is segmented by type of computer (sub-notebook, notebook, desktop), form factor
(1.8-inch, 2.5-inch, 3.5-inch) and storage capacity (currently 80 MBs to 1 GB).
The segment of the PC market currently generating the largest requirements for
disk drives is the mid-to high-performance desktop segment which uses 3.5-inch
drives ranging in capacity from 170 MBs to 1 GB. In addition, the Company
anticipates that the market for notebook and sub-notebook PCs will accelerate as
technological advancements increase their functionality and as user acceptance
expands.
 
The Company sells its MCP products to manufacturers of high-performance PCs and
high-performance disk drives. This market is characterized by rapid new product
introduction and an increasing demand for higher performance, lower cost ICs.
The Company also sells its graphics and sound add-in boards in the retail market
to PC end-users under its Paradise brand name.
 
PRODUCTS
 
The following table sets forth the Company's consolidated revenues by major
product area for each of the periods indicated (in millions):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Year ended June 30,
                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------
                                         % of                      % of                       % of
                               1994  Revenues            1993  Revenues            1992  Revenues
<S>                          <C>     <C>               <C>     <C>               <C>     <C>
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Storage products:
  Disk drives                $1,380        90%         $1,047        85%         $  668        71%
  Storage controller boards                                                           9          1
Microcomputer products          160        10             178        15             213         23
                             ------      ----          ------      ----          ------       ----
  Revenues from current
     products                 1,540       100           1,225       100             890         95
LAN products(1)                                                                      48          5
                             ------      ----          ------      ----          ------       ----
  Revenues, net              $1,540       100%         $1,225       100%         $  938       100%
                             ------      ----          ------      ----          ------       ----
                             ------      ----          ------      ----          ------       ----
</TABLE>
 
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(1) In October 1991, the Company sold its Local Area Network ("LAN") business.
See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
 
In general, the unit price for a given product in all of the Company's markets
decreases over time as increases in industry supply and cost reductions occur.
Cost reductions are primarily achieved as volume efficiencies are realized,
component cost reductions are achieved, experience is gained in manufacturing
the product and design enhancements are made. Competitive pressures and customer
expectations result in these cost improvements being passed along as reductions
in selling prices. At times, the rate of general price decline is accelerated
when some competitors lower prices to absorb excess capacity, liquidate excess
inventories and/or to gain market share. The disk drive industry has experienced
all of these effects on pricing in the periods covered in the above table.
 
                                      ---
 
                                        2
<PAGE>   4
 
DISK  DRIVE  PRODUCTS
 
TECHNOLOGY. Winchester disk drives are used to record, store and retrieve
digital data. They are faster than floppy disk, tape and optical disk drives and
cost less than semiconductor memory. To date, substantially all of the Company's
disk drives use the Enhanced IDE (integrated drive electronics) interface.
 
Commonly quoted measures of disk drive performance are storage capacity, average
seek time (the average time to move the heads from one track to another), data
transfer rate (the rate at which data are transferred between the drive and the
host computer) and spindle rotational speed.
 
PRODUCT OFFERINGS. The Company's current line of disk drive products consists of
the Caviar family of low profile drives which includes 1-inch high, 3.5-inch
form factor models for desktop applications and 2.5-inch form factor models for
portable computer applications. Each of these drives features CacheFlow, the
Company's proprietary adaptive disk caching system which significantly enhances
the drive's read/write performance as measured by the rate at which it can
deliver data to or receive it from the computer. An additional common feature is
the Company's proprietary drive control and communication electronic circuitry
called Architecture II, which spans the Company's entire 3.5-inch Caviar product
line. Architecture II features Enhanced IDE technology, which provides the
desktop marketplace the key attributes of the SCSI (small computer systems
interface) interface while retaining the focus on ease-of-use, compatibility and
overall lower cost of connection advantages, all of which are the traditional
strengths of IDE. The Company believes that the commonality of control and
communication electronics featured in all of the Caviar disk drives facilitates
customer qualification of successive product models, reduces risk of inventory
obsolescence and allows the Company to place larger orders for components
resulting in reduced component cost.
 
The following table summarizes certain design and performance characteristics
and specifications of the Company's current disk drive products:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               Formatted        Average       Number    Number
                            Date               Capacity       Access Time       of        of
      Product           First Shipped         (Megabytes)    (Milliseconds)   Disks     Heads   Interface
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                    <C>               <C>                <C>               <C>       <C>         <C>
3.5-inch Form
  Factor:
  Caviar AC2340        September 1992             341               <13         2         4       AT IDE*
  Caviar AC2250        November 1992              256               <13         2         3       AT IDE*
  Caviar AC2420        March 1993                 425               <13         2         4       AT IDE*
  Caviar AC1210        June 1993                  213               <13         1         2       AT IDE*
  Caviar AC1270        September 1993             270               <11         1         2       AT IDE*
  Caviar AC2540        September 1993             540               <11         2         4       AT IDE*
  Caviar AC2700        June 1994                  730               <10         2         4       AT IDE*
  Caviar AC31000       June 1994                 1080               <10         3         6       AT IDE*
2.5-inch Form
  Factor:
  Caviar Lite AL2170   April 1993                 171               <16         2         4       AT IDE
  Caviar Lite AL2200   January 1994               200               <16         2         4       AT IDE
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
* Features Enhanced IDE (EIDE) technology, improving the performance of the
standard IDE interface.
DISK  DRIVE  PRODUCTS  FOR  DESKTOP  PCS
 
The Caviar AC2340 was the industry's first 3.5-inch, two-platter 340 MB drive
and is targeted at high-performance 486-based machines. Customers for the Caviar
AC2340 include AST Research, AT&T, Dell Computer, Gateway 2000, IBM, NEC and
Zenith Data Systems.
 
                                      ---
 
                                        3
<PAGE>   5
 
The Caviar AC2250 has the same storage density per platter as the AC2340 but
utilizes only three drive heads instead of four. This drive is targeted at
high-performance 486-based machines. Customers for the AC2250 include AST
Research, AT&T, Dell Computer, Gateway 2000 and IBM.
 
The Caviar AC2420 was the industry's first 3.5-inch, two-platter 420 MB drive
and is targeted at high-performance 486-based machines. Customers for the Caviar
AC2420 include AT&T, Fountain Technologies and Zenith Data Systems.
 
The Caviar AC1210 was the industry's first 3.5-inch, single-platter 210 MB
drive. This drive is targeted at high-performance 486-based machines. Customers
for the AC1210 include AST Research, AT&T, Gateway 2000, IBM and Zenith Data
Systems.
 
The Caviar AC1270 was the industry's first single-platter 270 MB drive and is
targeted at high-performance 486-based machines. Customers for the AC1270
include AST Research, AT&T, Dell Computer, Gateway 2000 and NEC.
 
The Caviar AC2540 was the industry's first 3.5-inch, two-platter 540 MB drive
and is targeted at high-end Pentium and Power PC-based machines and
high-performance 486-based machines. Customers for the AC2540 include AST
Research, AT&T, Dell Computer, Gateway 2000 and NEC.
 
The Caviar AC2700 was the industry's first 3.5-inch, two-platter 700 MB drive
and is targeted at high-end Pentium and Power PC-based machines and
high-performance 486-based machines. Customers of the AC2700 include AST
Research and Packard Bell.
 
The Caviar AC31000 was the industry's first 3.5-inch, three-platter Enhanced IDE
drive in a 1 GB capacity. This drive is targeted at high-end Pentium and Power
PC-based machines and high-performance 486-based machines. Customers for the
AC31000 include Dell Computer, Gateway 2000, NEC-Japan and Siemens-Nixdorf.
DISK  DRIVE  PRODUCTS  FOR  PORTABLE  PCS
 
The Caviar Lite AL2170, a 2.5-inch, 15mm high drive, was designed to address the
requirements of the growing notebook market which demands an increased capacity,
low power, low profile storage solution. IBM is a customer for the Caviar Lite
AL2170.
 
The Caviar Lite AL2200, a 2.5-inch, 15mm high drive, was also designed to
address the requirements of the growing notebook market. Customers for the
AL2200 include AST Research, AT&T and IBM.
MICROCOMPUTER  PRODUCTS
 
GRAPHICS PRODUCTS. The Company supplies a family of RocketCHIP brand name
graphics ICs and Paradise brand name add-in cards to the desktop and portable PC
markets. Graphics ICs and Paradise add-in cards provide enhanced video graphics
array ("Super VGA") functionality. These products allow major enhancements in
display resolution and color depth quality and incorporate a Windows
acceleration feature, which provides faster display of icons and other graphics
features in the Windows operating system without the need for new PC hardware.
 
In November 1993, the Company introduced RocketCHIP WD24A, the industry's first
single-chip Super VGA LCD video graphics controller to offer hardware Windows
acceleration features and true 32-bit VESA VL-Bus interface to portable PC
environments. This device provides a fully integrated solution including RAMDAC
and programmable dual-frequency clock generator. As with all of its VGA IC's,
the Company's portable graphics display products emphasize hardware capability
with all VGA software and hardware standards and with all previous graphics
standards.
 
In February 1994, the Company began volume shipments of the Paradise 16-DSP
(digital signal processor) sound card, which is the Company's first
multimedia-related product from Paradise. The Paradise 16-DSP
 
                                      ---
 
                                        4
<PAGE>   6
 
sound card provides high-performance, programmable digital signal processing and
also supports future revolutionary functions such as DSP-based voice recognition
and DSP-based sound effects.
 
I/O PRODUCTS. The Company supplies control electronics to certain manufacturers
of high-performance, high-capacity disk drives and other storage peripherals
utilizing the SCSI bus interface. These manufacturers of SCSI disk, tape and
optical drives utilize the Company's storage control chipsets for their logic
and control electronics.

SALES  AND  DISTRIBUTION
 
The Company sells its products primarily to PC manufacturers, and, to a lesser
extent, resellers and distributors through its worldwide direct sales force. The
Company's direct sales organization is structured so that each customer is
served by a single sales team. Each sales team is responsible for marketing the
Company's entire product line and providing timely feedback to engineering
regarding customers' new product requirements. This promotes early
identification of and response to the customer's full range of product needs.
Later, in the production stage, the team focus enables the Company to provide
timely product delivery and effective service. Many of the Company's OEM
customers purchase both disk drives and MCP products from the Company. These
customers include AST Research, AT&T, Dell Computer, Gateway 2000, IBM, NEC,
Siemens-Nixdorf, Toshiba and Zenith Data Systems. While Western Digital believes
its relationships with key customers are very good, the concentration of sales
to a relatively small number of major customers presents a business risk that
loss of one or more accounts could adversely affect the Company's operating
results. During 1994, sales to Gateway 2000 and IBM each accounted for
approximately 12% of revenues. During 1993, sales to Gateway 2000 and IBM
accounted for approximately 13% and 11% of revenues, respectively. During 1992,
sales to Gateway 2000 accounted for approximately 10% of revenues.
 
The Company also sells its products through its direct sales force to selected
resellers, which include major distributors, mass merchandisers and value-added
resellers. In accordance with standard industry practice, the Company's reseller
agreements provide for price protection for unsold inventories which the
resellers may have at the time of changes in published price lists and, under
certain circumstances, stock rotation for slow moving items. These agreements
may be terminated by either party upon written notice and, in the event of
termination, the Company may be obligated to repurchase such inventories.
 
Western Digital maintains sales offices and technical support in the United
States, Europe and Asia. The Company's international sales, which include sales
to foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies, represented 44%, 43% and 40% of
revenues for 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Sales to international customers
may be subject to certain risks not normally encountered in domestic operations
including exposure to tariffs and various trade regulations.

RESEARCH  AND  DEVELOPMENT
 
The Company devotes substantial resources to research and development in order
to develop new products and improve existing products. The Company also focuses
its engineering efforts to coordinate its product design and manufacturing
processes in order to bring its products to market in a cost-effective and
timely manner. The Company's research and development expenses totaled $112.8
million in 1994, $101.6 million in 1993 and $89.6 million in 1992.
 
The market for the Company's products is subject to rapid technological change
and short product life cycles. To remain competitive, the Company must
anticipate the needs of the market and successfully develop and introduce new
products in a timely fashion. Before volume shipments of the Caviar AC2200 in
March 1992, the Company was less successful than its competitors in developing
new products and bringing them to market in a timely manner. If not carefully
planned and executed, the introduction of new products may adversely affect
sales of existing products and increase risk of inventory obsolescence. In
addition, new products typically have lower initial manufacturing yields and
higher initial component costs than more mature products. No assurance can be
given that the Company will be able to successfully complete the
 
                                      ---
 
                                        5
<PAGE>   7
 
design and introduction of new products, manufacture the products at acceptable
yields and costs, effectively manage product transitions or obtain significant
orders for these products.
 
MANUFACTURING
 
The Company's disk drives are assembled in its plant in Singapore. The Singapore
plant has complete responsibility for all disk drives in volume production
including manufacturing engineering, purchasing, inventory management, assembly,
test, quality assurance and shipping of finished units. The Company purchases
most of the standard mechanical components and micro controllers for its disk
drives from external suppliers, although the Company does manufacture a
substantial portion of the media for its disk drives in its Santa Clara,
California facility.
 
During the fourth quarter of 1994, the Company initiated plans to convert its
wholly-owned facility in Malaysia from an IC assembly and test facility to a
disk drive manufacturing facility. It is intended that the Malaysia facility
will manufacture the Company's more mature disk drive products. The conversion
of the facility is expected to be complete and operational by the second quarter
of 1995. The cost of converting the Malaysia facility to a drives manufacturing
plant is not expected to be material to the financial position of the Company.
 
The Company experiences fluctuations in manufacturing yields which can
materially affect the Company's operations, particularly in the start-up phase
of new products or new manufacturing processes. With the continued pressures to
shorten the time required to introduce new products, the Company must accelerate
production learning curves to shorten the time to achieve acceptable
manufacturing yields and costs. No assurance can be given that the Company's
operations will not be adversely affected by these fluctuations or that it can
shorten its new product development cycles or manufacturing learning curves
sufficiently to achieve these objectives in the future.
 
As a result of the sale of its wafer fabrication facility in December 1993 and
conversion of its Malaysia IC assembly and test facility to a disk drive
manufacturing plant, the Company has entered into various agreements with
multiple vendors to purchase fabricated wafers and has also obtained independent
contractors to supply finished ICs that were previously supplied by the
Company's Malaysia facility. However, a disruption in the supply of wafers or
finished ICs for any reason could have a material adverse impact on the Company.
 
The Company has manufacturing facilities located in Singapore, Malaysia and
Korea and is therefore subject to certain foreign manufacturing risks such as
changes in government policies, high employee turn-over, political risk,
transportation delays, tariffs, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates and
import, export, exchange and tax controls. To date, exposure to such risks has
not had a material effect on the Company's business, consolidated financial
position or results of operations.
 
MATERIALS  AND  SUPPLIES
 
The principal components used in the manufacture of the Company's disk drives
are read/write heads (both thin film and MIG) and related headstack assemblies,
media, micro controllers, spindle motors and mechanical parts used in the
head-disk assembly. The principal materials used in the manufacture of the
Company's semiconductor circuits are silicon wafers, chemicals and gases used in
the wafer fabrication process and plastic packages used in the assembly process.
The Company also uses standard semiconductor components such as logic, memory
and microprocessor devices obtained from other manufacturers, as well as
proprietary semiconductor circuits manufactured for the Company, and a wide
variety of other parts including connectors, cables and switches.
 
A number of the components used by the Company are available from a single or
limited number of outside suppliers. Some of these materials may periodically be
in short supply and the Company has, on occasion, experienced temporary delays
or increased costs in obtaining these materials. An extended shortage of
required materials and supplies could have an adverse effect upon the revenue
and earnings of the Company. In addition, the Company must allow for significant
lead times when procuring certain materials and
 
                                      ---
 
                                        6
<PAGE>   8
 
supplies. The Company has more than one available source of supply for most of
its required materials. Where there is only one source of supply, the Company
believes that a second source could be obtained within a reasonable period of
time. However, no assurance can be given that the Company's results of
operations will not be adversely affected until a new source can be located.
 
The Company purchases substantially all of its thin film head requirements for
disk drives from Read-Rite Corporation. The Company also uses MIG heads for
certain products which are supplied by several vendors. Any significant
disruption in the supply of these components would have an adverse effect on the
Company's results of operations.
 
In December 1993, the Company sold its Irvine, California silicon wafer
fabrication facility -- see "General." From 1990 until the sale, the Company
manufactured silicon wafers in the Irvine facility. The Company also buys wafers
fabricated by other companies. Since the sale of the wafer fabrication facility,
the Company has obtained various outside sources to manufacture its
semiconductor wafer requirements. The Company has also obtained independent
contractors to supply finished ICs that were previously supplied by the
Company's Malaysia facility. However, a disruption in the supply of wafers or
finished ICs for any reason could have a material adverse impact on the Company.
 
COMPETITION
 
The PC industry is intensely competitive and is characterized by significant
price erosion over the life of a product, periodic rapid price declines due to
industry over-capacity or other competitive factors, technological changes,
changing market requirements, occasional shortages of materials, dependence upon
a limited number of vendors for certain components, dependence upon highly
skilled engineering and other personnel and significant expenditures for product
development. The disk drive market in particular has been subject to recurring
periods of severe price competition. Certain of the Company's competitors have
greater financial and other resources and broader product lines than the Company
with which to compete in this environment.
 
The Company believes that proprietary disk drive, semiconductor, and board-level
design technology, close technical relationships with key OEM customers and
vendors, diverse product lines, competitive pricing, adequate capital resources
and worldwide low cost/high volume manufacturing capabilities are key factors
for successfully competing in its market areas. The Company's principal
competitors in the disk drive industry are Conner Peripherals, Maxtor, Quantum
and Seagate Technology, and large computer manufacturers such as IBM that
manufacture drives for use in their own products and for sale to others. In
other market areas the Company competes with a variety of companies including
Adaptec, Chips and Technologies, Cirrus Logic, Intel, LSI Logic, S3
Incorporated, Tseng Labs and VLSI Technology.
 
The Company also competes with companies offering products based on alternative
data storage and retrieval technologies. Technological advances in magnetic,
optical, flash or other technologies, could result in the introduction of
competitive products with performance superior to and prices lower than the
Company's products, which could adversely affect the Company's results of
operations.
 
BACKLOG
 
At June 30, 1994, the Company's backlog, consisting of orders scheduled for
delivery within the next twelve months, aggregated approximately $223.1 million,
compared with a backlog at June 30, 1993 which aggregated approximately $40.0
million. Historically, a substantial portion of the Company's orders have been
for shipments within 30 to 60 days of the placement of the order. The Company's
sales are made under contracts and purchase orders which, under industry
practice, may be canceled at any time, subject to payment of certain costs, or
modified by customers to provide for delivery at a later date. Therefore,
backlog information as of the end of a particular period is not necessarily
indicative of future levels of the Company's revenue and profit.
 
                                      ---
 
                                        7
<PAGE>   9
 
PATENTS  AND  LICENSES
 
Although the Company owns numerous patents and has many patent applications in
process, the Company believes that the successful manufacture and marketing of
its products generally depends more upon the experience, technical know-how and
creative ability of its personnel rather than upon ownership of patents.
 
The Company pays royalties under several patent licensing agreements which
require periodic payments. From time to time, the Company receives claims of
alleged patent infringement from patent holders which typically contain an offer
to grant the Company a license. It is the Company's policy to evaluate each
claim and, if appropriate, to enter into licensing arrangements. Although patent
holders commonly offer such licenses, no assurance can be given that licenses
will be offered, or that the terms of any offered license will be acceptable to
the Company. No assurance can be given that failure to obtain a license would
not adversely affect the Company's business, consolidated financial position or
results of operations -- see "Legal Proceedings".
 
EMPLOYEES
 
As of June 30, 1994, the Company employed a total of 6,593 full-time employees,
of whom 529 were engaged in engineering, 431 in sales and administration and 594
in manufacturing in the United States. The Company employed 728 employees at its
manufacturing facility in Malaysia, 4,007 at its disk drive manufacturing
facility in Singapore, 163 at its board-level subsystems facility in Korea and
141 at its international sales offices.
 
Many of the Company's employees are highly skilled, and the Company's continued
success depends in part upon the ability to attract and retain such employees.
In an effort to attract and retain such employees, the Company continues to
offer employee benefit programs which it believes are at least equivalent to
those offered by its competitors. Despite these programs, the Company has, along
with most of its competitors, experienced difficulty at times in hiring and
retaining certain skilled personnel. In critical areas, the Company has utilized
consultants and contract personnel to fill these needs until full-time employees
could be recruited. The Company has never experienced a work stoppage, none of
its domestic employees are represented by a labor organization and the Company
considers its employee relations to be good.

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES
 
The Company's headquarters are located in a 358,000 square foot building in
Irvine, California. This building houses management, research and development,
administrative and sales personnel and is leased to the Company pursuant to an
agreement expiring in June 2000. The Company's disk drive manufacturing
facilities are located in Singapore in several buildings totaling approximately
278,000 square feet. These buildings are leased to the Company pursuant to
several agreements expiring from August 1995 through October 1996. The Company
also owns a 83,500 square foot facility in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia which is in
the process of being converted into a disk drive manufacturing facility (see
"Manufacturing"), and owns a facility in Seoul, Korea designed for board-level
assembly of disk drive components which consists of approximately 33,800 square
feet. In addition, the Company leases office space in Mountain View and San
Jose, California for research and development activities, and in Santa Clara,
California for media processing activities.
 
The Company also leases office space in various other locations throughout the
world primarily for sales and technical support. The Company's present
facilities are adequate for its current needs, although the process of upgrading
its facilities to meet technological and market requirements is expected to
continue.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
The Company was sued in September 1991, in the United States District Court for
the Central District of California by Amstrad plc, a British computer maker. The
suit alleged that disk drives furnished to Amstrad in 1988 and 1989 were 
defective. Amstrad claimed damages of approximately $3.0 million for asserted 
losses
 
                                      ---
 
                                        8
<PAGE>   10
 
in out-of-pocket expenses, $38.0 million in lost profits and $100.0 million for
injury to Amstrad's reputation and loss of goodwill. The Company filed a
counterclaim against Amstrad. This federal action was dismissed without
prejudice and Amstrad has filed a similar complaint in Orange County, California
Superior Court, but raised the claim for damages to $186.0 million. The Company
again filed a counterclaim for $3.0 million in actual damages plus exemplary
damages in an unspecified amount and intends to vigorously defend itself against
the Amstrad claims.
 
The Company was sued in March 1993 in the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California by Conner Peripherals, Inc. ("Conner"). The suit
alleges that the Company infringes five Conner patents and seeks damages
(including treble damages) in an unspecified amount and injunctive relief.
Conner moved for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Company from using three
of the patents in certain of the Company's disk drive products. The court denied
that motion. If Conner were to prevail in its claims, the Company could be
enjoined from using any of the Conner patents found to be valid and infringed
that are the subject of this action as well as held liable for past infringement
damages. The amount of such damages, if any, could be material. The Company
believes that it has meritorious defenses to all of Conner's claims and intends
to vigorously defend itself against the Conner lawsuit. The Company has also
filed a suit alleging that Conner infringes two of the Company's patents.
 
The Company has received a claim of alleged patent infringement from Rodime PLC
("Rodime") under one of Rodime's U.S. patents which relates to 3.5-inch disk
drives. Rodime has offered to grant the Company a royalty bearing license under
that and other Rodime patents. Based on the opinion of patent counsel, the
Company believes that the broad claims of the Rodime patent, if scrutinized in
court, will not withstand an attack on validity, and believes that the Company
has not infringed any valid claim of the Rodime patent. If Rodime were to
commence litigation against the Company on this patent, and if Rodime were to
prevail on its claim, the Company could be held liable for damages for past
infringement. The amount of such damages, if any, is uncertain but could be
material.
 
The Company currently has a cross-license with IBM Corporation ("IBM") which
became effective January 1, 1990. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company has
licensed IBM under certain Western Digital patents for the life of such patents,
and has obtained from IBM a patent license which expires December 31, 1994
covering certain Western Digital products. Although the license granted to
Western Digital extends to certain components within Western Digital disk
drives, disk drives as such are not expressly covered. In calendar 1993, IBM
initiated further discussion with the Company for the purpose of determining
whether the Company's disk drives are covered by specified IBM patents. The
Company is currently reviewing these patents. Based on its prior dealings with
IBM, the Company expects to work toward a supplemental agreement with IBM which
will address the disk drive issues and extend the term of the license, with the
goal of reaching agreement prior to the expiration of the term of the current
license agreement. This supplemental agreement, if finalized, may involve
payment of higher royalties to IBM than are presently paid. No assurance can be
given that such an agreement can be reached upon terms acceptable to the
Company. Failure to reach an acceptable agreement could have a material adverse
impact on the Company's business.
 
The Company is also subject to certain other legal proceedings and claims
arising in connection with its business. There can be no assurance that
litigation will not be commenced on one or more of these or possible other
future such claims, or that, if commenced, all such litigation would be resolved
without any material adverse effect on the Company's business, consolidated
financial position or results of operations.
 
It is management's opinion, however, that none of these claims will have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business, consolidated financial
position or results of operations. The costs of defending such litigation can be
substantial, regardless of outcome.
 
The Company was sued in July 1991 in the United States District Court for the
Central District of California in a purported class action securities lawsuit.
In June 1994, the court approved a settlement of this case whereby eligible
class members will share, on a claims made basis, up to $6.75 million, comprised
of $3.5 million in cash and the balance in shares of the Company's common stock.
The Company's insurance
 
                                      ---
 
                                       9
<PAGE>   11
 
carrier has agreed to contribute up to $2.6 million in cash toward the
settlement. At June 30, 1994, the Company has provided for its estimate of
claims to be made under the settlement.

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
 
Inapplicable.
 
EXECUTIVE  OFFICERS  OF  THE  REGISTRANT
 
The names, ages and positions of all the executive officers of the Company as of
September 1994 are listed below, followed by a brief account of their business
experience during the past five years. Officers are normally appointed annually
by the Board of Directors at a meeting of the directors immediately following
the Annual Meeting of Shareholders. There are no family relationships among
these officers nor any arrangements or understandings between any officer and
any other person pursuant to which an officer was selected. None of these
officers has been involved in any court or administrative proceeding within the
past five years adversely reflecting on his or her ability or integrity.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
          Name              Age       Position
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>        <C>
Charles A. Haggerty          53       Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive
                                      Officer
Kathryn A. Braun             43       Executive Vice President, Storage Products
Kenneth E. Hendrickson       53       Executive Vice President, Microcomputer Products
D. Scott Mercer              43       Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and
                                      Administrative Officer
Marc H. Nussbaum             38       Senior Vice President, Engineering
Robert L. Erickson           64       Vice President, Law and Secretary
Scott T. Hughes              31       Vice President, Human Resources
David W. Schafer             42       Vice President, Worldwide Sales
Duston M. Williams           36       Vice President and Treasurer
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
Messrs. Erickson, Nussbaum, Schafer and Williams and Ms. Braun have been
employed by the Company for more than five years and have served in various
executive capacities with the Company before being appointed to their present
positions.
 
Mr. Haggerty joined the Company as President in June 1992 and has been a
director since January 1993. He assumed the additional positions of Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer on June 30, 1993. Prior to joining the Company, he spent
his 28-year business career in various positions at IBM. In 1987, he became
IBM's Vice President of worldwide operations for the AS/400. He then served as
Vice President/General Manager, low-end mass-storage products responsible for
operations in the United States, Japan and the United Kingdom. Immediately prior
to joining the Company, he held the position of Vice President of IBM's
worldwide OEM storage marketing.
 
Mr. Hendrickson joined the Company in March 1994. Prior to joining the Company,
he served as Vice President, Operations and Quality and member of the Board of
Directors of Overland Data Corporation, Inc. from 1993 to 1994. From 1990 to
1993, he served as President of Archive Corporation's Archive Technology
Division. During 1989, he served as President of Genicom Corporation's Printer
Products Division.
 
Mr. Mercer joined the Company in October 1991 and served in various executive
capacities with the Company before being appointed to his present position in
August 1993. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Senior Vice President
and Chief Financial Officer of Businessland, Inc. from 1990 to 1991. From 1983
to 1990, he served in various executive capacities with LSI Logic Corporation.
 
Mr. Hughes joined the Company in July 1993 as Vice President, Human Resources
before becoming an elected officer of the Company in July 1994. Prior to joining
the Company, he served as Director of Human Resources of Quantum Corporation
from 1992 to 1993. From 1990 to 1992, he served in various capacities with
Western Digital, including acting Vice President, Human Resources. From 1986 to
1990, Mr. Hughes served as a compensation benefits consultant with Hewitt
Associates.
 
                                      ---
 
                                       10
<PAGE>   12
 
                               ------------------
                                    PART II
 
ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITIES AND
        RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS
 
Western Digital's common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange
("NYSE"). The approximate number of holders of record of common stock of the
Company as of September 1, 1994 was 4,360.
 
The Company has not paid any cash dividends on its common stock and does not
intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future.
 
The high and low closing prices of the Company's common stock, as reported by
the NYSE, for each quarter of 1994 and 1993 are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                First          Second          Third          Fourth
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                             <C>            <C>             <C>            <C>
1994
     High                                      $6 1/8         $10 1/4         $20 1/8        $19 1/2
     Low                                        3 3/4           4 7/8           8 3/4         11 7/8
1993
     High                                      $5 3/8         $ 8 5/8         $ 9 1/2        $ 6
     Low                                        4 1/4           5               5 1/4          3 3/4
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
 
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
(in thousands, except per share and employee data)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                      Year ended June 30,
                           --------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                 1994            1993            1992            1991            1990
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>             <C>
Revenues, net              $1,539,680      $1,225,231      $  938,332      $  986,201      $1,073,907
Gross profit                  317,931         182,047         110,625         173,234         262,160
Research and development      112,827         101,593          89,566          93,107          82,111
Selling, general and
  administrative              113,224          90,470          88,012         116,361         140,058
Operating income (loss)        91,880         (10,016)        (66,953)       (117,774)         39,991
Net income (loss)              73,136         (25,108)        (72,860)       (134,171)         24,165
Primary earnings (loss)
  per share (1)            $     1.77      $     (.79)     $    (2.49)     $    (4.59)     $      .82
Working capital            $  261,744      $  111,548      $  138,919      $  167,319      $  231,082
Additions to property
  and equipment, net           16,282          35,565          21,311          76,913          91,959
Total assets                  640,513         531,171         532,543         620,440         637,560
Total long-term
  obligations                  58,646         182,561         242,951         234,933         145,050
Shareholders' equity       $  288,239      $  130,950      $  112,257      $  185,102      $  322,042
Number of employees             6,593           7,322           6,906           6,740           7,607
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
(1) For the year ended June 30, 1994, fully diluted earnings per share were
    $1.70. For all other periods presented fully diluted earnings (loss) per
    share approximated primary earnings (loss) per share.
 
                                      ---
 
                                       11
<PAGE>   13
 
ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
        OF OPERATIONS
 
OVERVIEW
 
Western Digital operates in an extremely competitive industry subject to short
product life cycles, dependence upon a limited number of suppliers for certain
component parts, dependence upon highly skilled engineering and other personnel
and significant expenditures for product development. The disk drive market in
particular has been subject to recurring periods of severe price competition.
During the fourth quarter of 1993, revenues and gross profits declined
significantly due to severe competitive pricing pressures across all 3.5-inch
drive capacity price points, resulting in the Company reporting a loss in the
fourth quarter of 1993 and well as for the year, and for the first quarter of
1994.
 
The Company's engineering strategy has been focused toward the production of
higher capacity-per-platter, cost-competitive disk drives, and as a result,
during 1994, the Company continued to introduce higher-capacity disk drives,
increase factory utilization and improve manufacturing efficiencies, which
reduced per unit manufacturing costs and also obtained lower component costs
from suppliers. These factors, along with stabilizing industry conditions,
contributed to the Company reporting net income of $73.1 million in 1994, as
compared with net losses of $25.1 million and $72.9 million for 1993 and 1992,
respectively.
 
During 1994, the Company significantly strengthened its balance sheet through
cash flows from operations, proceeds from the sale of the Company's wafer
fabrication facility and common stock offering and retirement of all bank debt
($143.3 million) outstanding at June 30, 1993. Cash and cash equivalents totaled
$243.5 million at the end of 1994 versus $33.8 million at the end of 1993. In
addition, during 1994, the Company entered into an $85.0 million accounts
receivable facility with certain financial institutions, consisting of a $50.0
million three-year arrangement and a $35.0 million one-year committed
arrangement. This facility is intended to serve as a source of working capital
as may be needed from time to time and replaces credit facilities secured by
substantially all of the Company's assets.
 
Unless otherwise indicated, references herein to specific years and quarters are
to the Company's fiscal years ending June 30 and to fiscal quarters.

RESULTS  OF  OPERATIONS
 
COMPARISON OF 1994, 1993 AND 1992
 
The Company reported net income for 1994 of $73.1 million compared with net
losses of $25.1 and $72.9 million for 1993 and 1992, respectively. The improved
operating results since 1992 are directly related to increased revenues and
improved gross profit margins. The Company's revenues increased 26% and 31% in
1994 and 1993, respectively, while gross profit margins improved from 11.8% in
1992 to 14.9% in 1993 and 20.6% in 1994.
 
Revenue for drive products totaled $1.4 billion in 1994, an increase of $333.0
million, or 32% as compared with the prior year. A 56% increase in the volume of
drive units shipped year-to-year and a shift in product mix to higher-capacity
drives contributed to this increase in revenue. The average MB per drive shipped
in 1994 increased significantly to 298 MBs per drive from 186 MBs per drive in
1993. The positive impact of these factors on revenue was partially offset by a
seven percent decline in disk drive average selling prices ("ASPs") from 1993 to
1994. If the disk drive industry is subjected to another period of severe
pricing competition such as occurred in the latter half of 1993 and first part
of 1994, revenue and gross profit may be adversely impacted in future quarters.
 
Revenue for MCP totaled $160.0 million in 1994, a decrease of $18.0 million, or
10% from 1993, primarily due to a decrease in graphics product revenue as a
result of decreased sales in desktop graphics. During the fourth quarter of
1994, MCP reported its first profitable quarter in more than three years. This
performance was driven by strength in the input/output product line and the
Company's strong position in portable
 
                                      ---
 
                                       12
<PAGE>   14
 
graphics accelerator chips, as well as continued fixed cost reductions
associated with the Company's transition to a fabless business model.
 
Revenue for drive products totaled $1.0 billion in 1993, an increase of $379.0
million, or 57% as compared with 1992. Unit shipments increased 63% year-to-year
with the majority of the increase occurring in the first nine months of 1993, as
the mix of units shipped continued to shift to newer, higher-performance,
higher-capacity drives. In 1993 the average MB per drive shipped nearly doubled
to 186 MBs per drive from 98 MBs per drive in 1992. The increase in drive
shipments and shift in product mix was partially offset by a 14% year-to-year
decline in ASPs across all 3.5-inch drive capacity price points as a result of
severe competitive pricing pressures in the disk drive industry beginning in
March 1993.
 
MCP revenue decreased $35.0 million, or 16% from 1992 to 1993, with the majority
of the decrease occurring in the systems solutions product line. Unit shipments
of systems solutions products decreased approximately 26% from 1992 to 1993,
while the ASPs decreased 53% year over year primarily as a result of the
transition away from board level products to ICs with lower ASPs.
 
Disk drive gross margin for 1994 and 1993 increased approximately four and seven
percentage points, respectively to 19.1% in 1994 from 15.3% in 1993 and from
8.2% in 1992. Beginning in the latter half of 1992, disk drive sales began to
contribute to gross profits as increased demand for the Company's newer,
higher-capacity products resulted in higher sales volume and ASPs and increased
factory utilization, which reduced per unit manufacturing costs and improved
gross margins. Gross margins from disk drives continued to increase from the
second half of 1992 to the first half of 1993 as unit shipments of the Company's
higher-capacity drives increased while ASPs remained steady. Beginning in March
1993, however, gross margins declined significantly as ASPs for all 3.5-inch
drive capacity price points decreased sequentially during the last two quarters
of 1993 as a result of severe competitive pricing pressures in the disk drive
industry.
 
During 1994 the Company's gross margins increased sequentially through the third
quarter as a result of increases in unit shipments which reduced per unit
production costs, lower component costs and a favorable product mix which more
than offset the decline in ASPs. Gross margin in the fourth quarter was
essentially flat with the immediately preceding quarter. There can be no
assurance that the Company will be able to sustain the current gross margin
levels due to the cyclical nature of the disk drive industry and the Company's
dependence on new product introductions.
 
MCP gross margin increased approximately 21 percentage points to 33.7% in 1994
from 12.5% in 1993 as the Company began to realize the cost benefits of selling
its wafer fabrication facility (see Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements) and thereby reducing manufacturing costs. Gross margin from MCP,
excluding the LAN business, decreased approximately eight percentage points to
12.5% in 1993 from 20.2% in 1992 as a result of the planned transition away from
board-level systems solutions products, which contributed to higher gross
margins in 1992 than the Company's product offerings in 1993. The decrease in
gross margins in 1993 was partially offset by the sequential increase in gross
margins experienced in the latter half of 1993 as a result of manufacturing
efficiencies which reduced per unit manufacturing costs.
 
Research and development expense ("R&D") in 1994 increased approximately $11.2
million, or 11% as compared with the prior year and increased approximately
$12.0 million, or 13% from 1992 to 1993. These increases were primarily
attributable to planned expenditures to support new product introductions.
During 1994 and 1993, R&D expenditures were primarily focused on the development
of new disk drive products whereas in 1992, the Company's R&D resources were
approximately equally allocated between the development of new disk drives and
MCPs, including semiconductor processes and licensing support.
 
Selling, general and administrative expenses ("SG&A") in 1994 increased $22.8
million, or 25% from the prior year as a result of increases in selling,
marketing, and other related expenses in support of higher revenue levels and
provisions made for the Company's pay-for-performance plans. SG&A expense
increased approximately $2.5 million, or 3% from 1992 to 1993 primarily as a
result of increased selling and marketing expenses and certain reserves for
executive severance.
 
                                      ---
 
                                       13
<PAGE>   15
 
Net interest expense decreased $9.3 million in 1994 due to significant
reductions in debt outstanding. Net interest expense decreased $5.1 million in
1993 as a result of lower market interest rates and lower levels of debt
outstanding.
 
In 1992, the Company recorded a gain of $15.8 million from the sale of its LAN
business for a cash payment of $33.0 million. The buyer acquired specific
tangible and intangible assets, assumed certain liabilities, and received
certain licenses from Western Digital for specific LAN applications of more
broadly based Western Digital technology. Western Digital agreed not to
manufacture or distribute similar products for a period of up to six years.
 
The provision for income taxes in 1994 and 1992 consist primarily of taxes
associated with certain of the Company's foreign subsidiaries which had taxable
income. The Company's effective tax rate of 15% recorded in 1994 results
primarily from the earnings of certain subsidiaries which are taxed at
substantially lower tax rates as compared with United States statutory rates
(see Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements).
 
LIQUIDITY  AND  CAPITAL  RESOURCES
 
At June 30, 1994, the Company had $243.5 million in cash and cash equivalents as
compared with $33.8 million at June 30, 1993. During 1994, the Company generated
$178.8 million in cash flows from operations and $73.3 million in net proceeds
from the sale of 7,618,711 shares of common stock in February 1994. Cash flows
from operations, along with approximately $95.0 million of the proceeds from the
sale of the Company's wafer fabrication facility were used to reduce long-term
debt by $146.3 million and to fund capital expenditures of $16.3 million.
Capital expenditures were incurred primarily for increased disk drive
manufacturing and wafer testing capacity. The Company anticipates that capital
expenditures in 1995 will be approximately $60.0 million and will relate to
increased disk drive manufacturing capacity. The Company believes that its
current cash position and its anticipated future cash flow from operations are
sufficient to meet all currently planned capital expenditures and sustain
operations during the next fiscal year.
 
During 1994, the Company entered into an $85.0 million accounts receivable
facility with certain financial institutions. The facility consists of a $50.0
million three-year arrangement at Eurodollar or reference rates of the
participating banks and a $35.0 million one-year committed arrangement at a rate
approximating commercial paper rates. This new facility is intended to serve as
a source of working capital as may be needed from time to time and replaces
credit facilities secured by substantially all of the Company's assets.
 
Notwithstanding the significant improvements in financial position realized over
the past year, the ability of the Company to sustain its improved working
capital management and to continue operating profitably is dependent upon a
number of factors including competitive conditions in the marketplace, general
economic conditions, the efficiency of the Company's manufacturing operations,
procurement of fabricated wafers and finished ICs from outside suppliers and the
timely development and introduction of new products which address market needs.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
 
Information required by this Item is listed on page F-1 and is incorporated
herein by reference.

ITEM 9. DISAGREEMENTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES
 
Inapplicable.
 
                                      ---
 
                                       14
<PAGE>   16
 
                               ------------------
                                    PART III
 
ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
 
There is incorporated herein by reference the information required by this Item
included in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no
later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994 and
the information from the section entitled "Executive Officers of the Registrant"
following Part I, Item 4 of this Report.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
 
There is incorporated herein by reference the information required by this Item
included in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no
later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.
Western Digital maintains certain employee benefit plans and programs in which
its executive officers and directors are participants. Copies of these plans and
programs are set forth or incorporated by reference as Exhibits 10.1, 10.2,
10.3, 10.10, 10.11, 10.12, 10.14, 10.21, 10.28 and 10.29 to this Report.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT
 
There is incorporated herein by reference the information required by this Item
included in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no
later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 
There is incorporated herein by reference the information required by this Item
included in the Company's Proxy Statement for the 1994 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no
later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.
 
                                      ---
 
                                       15
<PAGE>   17
 
                               ------------------
                                    PART IV
 
ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K
 
(A) Documents filed as a part of this Report:
 
     (1) Financial Statements
 
         The financial statements listed in the accompanying Index to
         Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1 are filed
         as part of this Report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
     (2) Financial Statement Schedules
 
         The financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying Index to
         Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules on page F-1 are filed
         as part of this Report and incorporated herein by reference.
 
     (3) Exhibits
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Sequentially
 Exhibit                                                                               Numbered
  Number                                  Description                                    Page
<S>           <C>                                                                    <C>
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 3.1          Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit
              3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January
              15, 1987 (File No. 1-8703) and incorporated herein by this
              reference)
 3.2.1        By-laws of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2.1
              to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-8703) as
              filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 18, 1994)
 3.3          Certificate of Agreement of Merger(7)
 3.4          Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's
              Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-28374) as filed
              with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 1989)
 4.1          Indenture, dated as of May 1, 1989, between the Registrant and U.S.
              Trust Company of California, N.A., covering the Registrant's 9%
              Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2014 (incorporated by
              reference to Exhibit 4 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant's
              Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-28374) as filed
              with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 1989)
 4.2          Rights Agreement between the Registrant and First Interstate Bank,
              Ltd., as Rights Agent, dated as of December 1, 1988 (incorporated
              by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Registrant's Current Report on
              Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
              December 12, 1988)
 4.3          Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement by and between the Registrant
              and First Interstate Bank, Ltd. dated as of August 10, 1990
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Registrant's Current
              Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange
              Commission on August 14, 1990)
 4.4          Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A
              Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Registrant
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of Exhibit 1 to the
              Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the
              Securities and Exchange Commission on December 12, 1988)
10.1          The Registrant's Employee Stock Option Plan (1) **
10.2          The Registrant's Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee 
              Directors (1) **
10.3          The Registrant's 1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan(8) **
</TABLE>
 
                                      ---
 
                                       16
<PAGE>   18
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Sequentially
 Exhibit                                                                               Numbered
  Number                                  Description                                    Page
<S>           <C>                                                                    <C>
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.4          Receivables Contribution and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 7,
              1994 by and between the Company, as seller, and Western Digital
              Capital Corporation, as buyer(2)
10.5          Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 7, 1994, by and
              among Western Digital Capital Corporation, as seller, the Company,
              as servicer, the Financial Institutions listed therein, as bank
              purchasers and J.P. Morgan Delaware, as administrative agent(2)
10.6          First Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated March 23,
              1994, by and between Western Digital Corporation, as seller and the
              Financial Institutions listed therein as bank purchasers and
              administrative agents(2)
10.7          Assignment Agreement, dated as of March 23, 1994, by and between
              J.P. Morgan Delaware as Bank Purchaser and Assignor and the Bank of
              California, N.A. and the Long-term Credit Bank of Japan, LTD., Los
              Angeles Agency as Assignees(2)
10.8          Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 16, 1993 by and between
              Motorola, Inc. and Western Digital regarding the sale and purchase
              of Western Digital's wafer fabrication facilities and certain
              related assets(4)
10.9          Supply Agreement dated December 16, 1993 by and between Motorola,
              Inc. and Western Digital regarding the supply of wafers to Western
              Digital(4)
10.10         The Western Digital Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan* **
10.11         The Western Digital Corporation Executive Bonus Plan* **
10.12         The Extended Severance Plan of the Registrant * **
10.13         Manufacturing Building lease between Wan Tien Realty Pte Ltd and
              Western Digital (Singapore) Pte Ltd dated as of November 9, 1993
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17.1 to the Registrant's
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-8703) as filed with the
              Securities and Exchange Commission on January 25, 1994)
10.14         The Management Incentive Compensation Plan of Registrant for fiscal
              year 1995* **
10.15         Wafer and Die Purchase Contract by and between American
              Microsystems, Inc. and the Company effective as of July 18,
              1994(9)*
10.16         Foundry Capacity, Product Purchase, and Technology Agreement by and
              between American Telephone and Telegraph Co. and the Company
              effective as of August 25, 1992 (incorporated by reference to
              Exhibit 10.10.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
              (File No. 1-8703) as filed with the Securities and Exchange
              Commission on September 28, 1992)(5)
10.17         Subleases between Wan Tien Realty Pte Ltd and Western Digital
              (Singapore) Pte Ltd dated as of September 1, 1991(1)
10.18         Sublease between Wan Tien Realty Pte Ltd and Western Digital
              (Singapore) Pte Ltd dated as of October 12, 1992(1)
10.19         Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Assets by and between Registrant
              and Standard Microsystems Corporation effective as of September 16,
              1991 and as amended by the Amendment No. 1 to Agreement for
              Purchase and Sale of Assets by and between the Registrant and
              Standard Microsystems Corporation effective as of September 27,
              1991 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to Form 8 filed as
              Amendment Number 1 to Registrant's Form 8-K dated October 16, 1991)
10.21         The Registrant's Non-Employee Director Stock-for-Fees Plan(1) **
</TABLE>
 
                                      ---
 
                                       17
<PAGE>   19
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Sequentially
 Exhibit                                                                               Numbered
  Number                                  Description                                    Page
<S>           <C>                                                                    <C>
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.22         Office Building Lease between The Irvine Company and the Registrant
              dated as of January 13, 1988 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
              10.11 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant's Annual Report to Form
              10-K (File No. 1-8703) as filed on Form 8 with the Securities and
              Exchange Commission on November 18, 1988)(6)
10.26         Patent License Agreement between Western Electric Company,
              Incorporated and the Registrant effective as of July 1, 1980(3)
10.27         Agreement between International Business Machines Corporation and
              the Registrant dated as of January 1, 1990(3)
10.28         Letter to Mr. I.M. Booth from Mr. Roger W. Johnson dated December
              3, 1992 regarding chief executive officer severance 
              arrangement(3) **
10.29         Form of Letter to Mr. George L. Bragg from Mr. Roger W. Johnson
              dated October 22, 1992 regarding vice chairman severance
              arrangement(7) **
11            Computation of Per Share Earnings (see page 20 hereof)
21            Subsidiaries of the Company (see page 21 hereof)
23            Consent of Independent Auditors (see page 22 hereof)
27            Financial Data Schedule*
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
*   New exhibit filed with this Report.
**  Compensation plan, contract or arrangement required to be filed as an
    exhibit pursuant to applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange
    Commission.
 
(1) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
    (File No. 1-8703) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
    September 28, 1992.
 
(2) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
    (File No. 1-8703) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
    May 9, 1994.
 
(3) Incorporated by reference to Registrant's Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 (No.
    33-54968) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5,
    1993.
 
(4) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
    (File No. 1-8703) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
    January 5, 1994.
 
(5) Subject to confidentiality order dated November 24, 1992.
 
(6) Subject to confidentiality order dated November 21, 1988.
 
(7) Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to Registrant's Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-54968) as filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission on January 26, 1993.
 
(8) Incorporated by reference to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8
    (No. 33-51725) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
    December 28, 1993.
 
(9) Confidental treatment requested.
 
(B) Reports on Form 8-K
 
    None.
 
                                      ---
 
                                       18
<PAGE>   20
 
SIGNATURES
 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 
                                         WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
 
                                         By:             SCOTT MERCER
                                                -------------------------------
                                                        D. Scott Mercer
                                                   Executive Vice President, 
                                                        Chief Financial
                                                   and Administrative Officer
Dated: September 21, 1994
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and
in the capacities indicated on September 21, 1994.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                  SIGNATURE                                         TITLE
- - ---------------------------------------------   ---------------------------------------------
<C>                                             <S>
             CHARLES A. HAGGERTY                Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
- - ---------------------------------------------   Executive Officer (Principal Executive
             Charles A. Haggerty                Officer)

                SCOTT MERCER                    Executive Vice President, Chief Financial and
- - ---------------------------------------------   Administrative Officer (Principal Financial
               D. Scott Mercer                  and Accounting Officer)

             JAMES A. ABRAHAMSON                Director
- - ---------------------------------------------
             James A. Abrahamson

              PETER D. BEHRENDT                 Director
- - ---------------------------------------------
              Peter D. Behrendt

                 I.M. BOOTH                     Director
- - ---------------------------------------------
                 I.M. Booth

                 G. L. BRAGG                    Director
- - ---------------------------------------------
               George L. Bragg

                 I. FEDERMAN                    Director
- - ---------------------------------------------
               Irwin Federman

                ANDRE R. HORN                   Director
- - ---------------------------------------------
                Andre R. Horn

               ANNE O. KRUEGER                  Director
- - ---------------------------------------------
               Anne O. Krueger

              THOMAS E. PARDUN                  Director
- - ---------------------------------------------
              Thomas E. Pardun

               S. B. SCHWARTZ                   Director
- - ---------------------------------------------
             Stephen B. Schwartz
</TABLE>
 
                                      ---
 
                                       19
<PAGE>   21
 
                                                                      EXHIBIT 11
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
COMPUTATION OF PER SHARE EARNINGS
(in thousands, except per share amounts)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     Year ended June 30,
                                                            -------------------------------------
                                                             1994          1993           1992
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                         <C>          <C>           <C>
PRIMARY
  Net income (loss)                                         $73,136      $(25,108)      $(72,860)
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
  Weighted average number of common shares outstanding
     during the period                                       39,341        31,813         29,209
  Incremental common shares attributable to exercise of
     outstanding options and warrants                         2,022
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
          Total shares                                       41,363        31,813         29,209
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
  Net income (loss) per share                               $  1.77      $   (.79)      $  (2.49)
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
FULLY DILUTED
  Net income (loss)                                         $73,136      $(25,108)      $(72,860)
  Add back: interest expense, net of income tax effect
     applicable to convertible subordinated debentures        4,664
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
                                                            $77,800      $(25,108)      $(72,860)
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
  Weighted average number of common shares outstanding
     during the period                                       39,341        31,813         29,209
  Incremental common shares attributable to exercise of
     outstanding options and warrants                         2,280
  Incremental common shares attributable to conversion of
     convertible subordinated debentures                      4,059
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
          Total shares                                       45,680        31,813         29,209
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
  Net income (loss) per share                               $  1.70      $   (.79)      $  (2.49)
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
                                                            -------      --------      ---------
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
                                      ---
 
                                       20
<PAGE>   22
 
                                                                      EXHIBIT 21
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                    Name                                         Jurisdiction
<S>                                              <C>
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Western Digital Ireland, Ltd.                    Cayman Islands
Western Digital (Malaysia) SDN BHD               Malaysia
Arrington Limited                                Republic of Ireland
Western Digital Deutschland GmbH                 Federal Republic of Germany
Western Digital (France) S.a.r.l.                France
Western Digital Japan Ltd.                       Japan
Western Digital (U.K.) Limited                   United Kingdom
Western Digital Canada Corporation               Canada
Western Digital Korea, Ltd.                      Republic of Korea
Western Digital (Singapore) Pte Ltd              Singapore
Western Digital Taiwan Co., Ltd.                 Taiwan, Republic of China
Western Digital Hong Kong Limited                Hong Kong
Western Digital Netherlands B.V.                 The Netherlands
Western Digital (S.E. Asia) Pte Ltd              Singapore
Western Digital Capital Corporation              Delaware
Western Digital (I.S.) Limited                   Ireland
Selenar Corporation*                             California
Selenar GmbH*                                    Federal Republic of Germany
Western Digital Europe*                          California
Western Digital Pacific Corporation*             California
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
* represents inactive subsidiaries of the Company
 
                                      ---
 
                                       21
<PAGE>   23
 
                                                                      EXHIBIT 23
CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
 
The Board of Directors
Western Digital Corporation:
 
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements
(Nos. 2-76179, 2-97365, 2-72672, 33-9853, 33-11777, 33-15771, 33-60166, 33-60168
and 33-51725) on Form S-8 of Western Digital Corporation of our report dated
July 19, 1994, relating to the consolidated balance sheets of Western Digital
Corporation as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, shareholders' equity and cash flows for each of the
years in the three-year period ended June 30, 1994, and all related schedules,
which report appears in the June 30, 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K of Western
Digital Corporation.
 
                                       KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP
Orange County, California
September 21, 1994
 
                                      ---
 
                                       22
<PAGE>   24
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
SEC FORM 10-K, ITEMS 8, 14(A) AND 14(D)
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements and Schedules
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                        Page
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                                     <C>
Consolidated Financial Statements:
  Independent Auditors' Report                                                           F-2
  Consolidated Statements of Operations -- Three Years Ended June 30, 1994               F-3
  Consolidated Balance Sheets -- June 30, 1994 and 1993                                  F-4
  Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity -- Three Years Ended June 30, 1994     F-5
  Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows -- Three Years Ended June 30, 1994               F-6
  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                             F-7
Supplementary Data:
  Unaudited Quarterly Information                                                       F-17
Schedules:
  II    Consolidated Amounts Receivable From Related Parties and Underwriters,
        Promoters and Employees Other Than Related Parties                              F-18
  V     Consolidated Property and Equipment                                             F-19
  VI    Consolidated Accumulated Depreciation of Property and Equipment                 F-19
  VIII  Consolidated Valuation and Qualifying Accounts and Reserves                     F-20
  X     Supplementary Consolidated Income Statement Information                         F-20
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
All other schedules are omitted as the required information is inapplicable or
the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related
notes.
 
Separate financial statements of the Registrant have been omitted as the
Registrant is primarily an operating company and its subsidiaries are
wholly-owned and do not have minority equity interests and/or indebtedness to
any person other than the Registrant in amounts which together exceed 5% of the
total consolidated assets as shown by the most recent year-end consolidated
balance sheet.
 
                                     -----
 
                                       F-1
<PAGE>   25
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT
 
The Board of Directors
Western Digital Corporation:
 
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Western Digital
Corporation as listed in the accompanying index. In connection with our audits
of the consolidated financial statements, we also have audited the financial
statement schedules as listed in the accompanying index. These consolidated
financial statements and financial statement schedules are the responsibility of
the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules based on our
audits.
 
We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
 
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Western Digital
Corporation as of June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended June 30,
1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our
opinion, the related financial statement schedules, when considered in relation
to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly,
in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
 
                                       KPMG PEAT MARWICK LLP
 
Orange County, California
July 19, 1994
 
                                     -----
 
                                       F-2
<PAGE>   26
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED  STATEMENTS  OF  OPERATIONS
(in thousands, except per share amounts)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                 Year ended June 30,
                                                     --------------------------------------------
                                                           1994            1993              1992
<S>                                                  <C>             <C>             <C>
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Revenues, net                                        $1,539,680      $1,225,231       $  938,332
Costs and expenses:
  Cost of revenues                                    1,221,749       1,043,184          827,707
  Research and development                              112,827         101,593           89,566
  Selling, general and administrative                   113,224          90,470           88,012
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
          Total costs and expenses                    1,447,800       1,235,247        1,005,285
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
Operating income (loss)                                  91,880         (10,016)         (66,953)
Net interest expense (Note 2)                             5,838          15,092           20,203
Gain on sale of LAN business (Note 1)                                                     15,784
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
Income (loss) before income taxes                        86,042         (25,108)         (71,372)
Provision for income taxes (Note 6)                      12,906                            1,488
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
Net income (loss)                                    $   73,136      $  (25,108)      $  (72,860)
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
Earnings (loss) per common and common equivalent
  share:
  Primary                                            $     1.77      $     (.79)      $    (2.49)
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
  Fully diluted                                      $     1.70      $     (.79)      $    (2.49)
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
Common and common equivalent shares used in
  computing per share amounts:
  Primary                                                41,363          31,813           29,209
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
  Fully diluted                                          45,680          31,813           29,209
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
                                                     ----------      ----------      -----------
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                     -----
 
                                       F-3
<PAGE>   27
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
CONSOLIDATED  BALANCE  SHEETS
(in thousands, except per share amounts)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                              June 30,
                                                                      -------------------------
                                                                          1994             1993
<S>                                                                   <C>           <C>
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ASSETS
Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                           $243,484       $  33,837
  Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of
     $10,825 in 1994 and $9,340 in 1993 (Note 4)                       201,512         159,478
  Inventories (Notes 2 and 3)                                           79,575         112,516
  Prepaid expenses                                                      12,917          12,626
                                                                      --------      -----------
          Total current assets                                         537,488         318,457
Property and equipment at cost, less accumulated depreciation and
  amortization (Notes 2 and 3)                                          73,417         181,030
Intangible and other assets, net (Note 2)                               29,608          31,684
                                                                      --------      -----------
          Total assets                                                $640,513       $ 531,171
                                                                      --------      -----------
                                                                      --------      -----------
</TABLE>
 
LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 
<TABLE>
<S>                                                                   <C>           <C>
Current liabilities:
  Accounts payable                                                    $172,730       $ 128,538
  Accrued expenses                                                     103,014          54,911
  Current portion of long-term debt (Notes 3 and 4)                                     23,460
                                                                      --------      -----------
          Total current liabilities                                    275,744         206,909
Other long-term debt, less current portion (Notes 3 and 4)                             123,561
Convertible subordinated debentures (Note 4)                            58,646          59,000
Deferred income taxes (Note 6)                                          17,884          10,751
Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 5)
Shareholders' equity (Notes 4 and 7):
  Preferred stock, $.10 par value; Authorized-5,000 shares;
     Outstanding-None
  Common stock, $.10 par value; Authorized-95,000 shares;
     Outstanding-44,895 shares in 1994 and 35,338 shares in 1993         4,490           3,534
  Additional paid-in capital                                           283,475         200,278
  Retained earnings (accumulated deficit)                                  274         (72,862)
                                                                      --------      -----------
          Total shareholders' equity                                   288,239         130,950
                                                                      --------      -----------
          Total liabilities and shareholders' equity                  $640,513       $ 531,171
                                                                      --------      -----------
                                                                      --------      -----------
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                     -----
 
                                       F-4
<PAGE>   28
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
(in thousands)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                           Retained
                                 Common Stock           Additional          Earnings           Total
Three years ended             ------------------         Paid-in          (Accumulated      Shareholders'
June 30, 1994                 Shares     Amount          Capital            Deficit)           Equity
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                            <C>        <C>          <C>             <C>                <C>
Balance at June 30, 1991       29,208      $2,921        $157,075           $ 25,106           $185,102
Exercise of stock options           4                          15                                    15
Net loss                                                                     (72,860)           (72,860)
                               ------     -------      ----------         ----------         ----------
Balance at June 30, 1992       29,212       2,921         157,090            (47,754)           112,257
Exercise of stock options         376          38           1,373                                 1,411
Common stock offering, net
  (Note 7)                      5,750         575          41,815                                42,390
Net loss                                                                     (25,108)           (25,108)
                               ------     -------      ----------         ----------         ----------
Balance at June 30, 1993       35,338       3,534         200,278            (72,862)           130,950
Exercise of stock options       1,838         184           7,324                                 7,508
Common stock offering, net
  (Note 7)                      7,619         762          72,531                                73,293
Common stock issued upon
  conversion of debentures
  (Note 4)                         24           2             352                                   354
Common stock issued in
  settlement of shareholder
  lawsuit (Note 5)                 76           8           1,031                                 1,039
Income tax benefit from
  stock options exercised
  (Note 6)                                                  1,959                                 1,959
Net income                                                                    73,136             73,136
                               ------     -------      ----------         ----------         ----------
Balance at June 30, 1994       44,895      $4,490        $283,475           $    274           $288,239
                               ------     -------      ----------         ----------         ----------
                               ------     -------      ----------         ----------         ----------
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                     -----
 
                                       F-5
<PAGE>   29
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
(in thousands)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                   Year ended June 30,
                                                          --------------------------------------
                                                              1994          1993            1992
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:
  Net income (loss)                                       $ 73,136      $(25,108)      $(72,860)
  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net
     cash provided by (used for) operating activities:
     Depreciation and amortization                          46,175        53,741         50,836
     Gain on sale of LAN business (Note 1)                                              (15,784)
     Changes in current assets and liabilities net of
       effects from the sale of facility (Note 3):
       Accounts receivable                                 (42,034)       (6,887)        27,890
       Inventories                                          23,793        (5,682)        67,635
       Prepaid expenses                                     (2,130)       (3,573)        (6,384)
       Accounts payable and accrued expenses                74,149        47,236        (49,524)
     Deferred income taxes                                   7,133        (3,210)           (83)
     Other assets                                           (1,384)         (640)         1,586
                                                          --------      --------      ---------
       Net cash provided by operating activities           178,838        55,877          3,312
                                                          --------      --------      ---------
CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:
  Capital expenditures, net                                (16,282)      (35,565)       (21,311)
  Proceeds from sale of facility (Note 3)                  110,677
  Proceeds from sale of LAN business (Note 1)                                            33,000
                                                          --------      --------      ---------
       Net cash provided by (used for) investing
          activities                                        94,395       (35,565)        11,689
                                                          --------      --------      ---------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
  Repayment of long-term debt                             (146,346)      (64,091)       (17,262)
  Proceeds from stock offering, net (Note 7)                73,293        42,390
  Exercise of stock options and warrants, including tax
     benefit                                                 9,467         1,411             15
                                                          --------      --------      ---------
       Net cash used for financing activities              (63,586)      (20,290)       (17,247)
                                                          --------      --------      ---------
Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents       209,647            22         (2,246)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year              33,837        33,815         36,061
                                                          --------      --------      ---------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                  $243,484      $ 33,837       $ 33,815
                                                          --------      --------      ---------
                                                          --------      --------      ---------
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.
 
                                     -----
 
                                       F-6
<PAGE>   30
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 
NOTE 1 -- SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
 
Western Digital Corporation ("Western Digital" or the "Company") has prepared
its financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles and has adopted accounting policies and practices which are generally
accepted in the industry in which it operates. Following are the Company's
significant accounting policies:
 
BASIS OF PRESENTATION

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and
all of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany accounts and
transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. The accounts of foreign
subsidiaries have been translated using the U.S. dollar as the functional
currency. As such, all material foreign exchange gains or losses resulting from
remeasurement of these accounts are reflected in the results of operations.
Approximately $.8 million and $1.6 million of foreign exchange losses were
included in the results of operations for 1994 and 1993, respectively. Foreign
exchange losses were not material for 1992. Monetary and non-monetary asset and
liability accounts have been translated at the exchange rate in effect at each
year end and historical rates, respectively. Operating statement accounts have
been translated at average monthly exchange rates.
 
CASH EQUIVALENTS

All highly liquid investments purchased with an original maturity of three
months or less are considered cash equivalents. Cash equivalents are stated at
cost which approximates market.

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

The Company designs, manufactures and sells small form factor Winchester disk
drives and microcomputer products to personal computer manufacturers and
resellers throughout the world. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations
of its customers' financial condition and generally requires no collateral. The
Company maintains reserves for potential credit losses and such losses have
historically been within management's expectations. The Company also has cash
equivalent investment policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any
one financial institution and restrict placement of these investments in
financial institutions evaluated as highly credit-worthy.

INVENTORY VALUATION

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is on
a first-in, first-out basis for raw materials and is computed on a currently
adjusted standard basis (which approximates first-in, first-out) for work in
process and finished goods.

DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION

The cost of property and equipment is depreciated over the estimated useful
lives of the respective assets. Depreciation is computed on a straight-line
basis for financial reporting purposes and on an accelerated basis for income
tax purposes. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the
estimated useful lives of the assets or the related lease terms. Goodwill and
purchased technology are capitalized at cost and amortized on a straight-line
basis over their estimated lives which are fifteen and five to fifteen years,
respectively.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

The Company has agreements with its resellers to provide price protection for
inventories held by the resellers at the time of published list price reductions
and, under certain circumstances, stock rotation for slow-moving items. These
agreements may be terminated upon written notice by either party. In the event
of termination, the Company may be obligated to repurchase a certain portion of
the resellers' inventory. The
 
                                     -----
                                      F-7
<PAGE>   31
 
Company recognizes revenue at time of shipment and records a reserve for price
adjustments and estimated sales returns.

INCOME TAXES

The Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards No. 109 ("SFAS 109"), "Accounting for Income
Taxes." SFAS 109 generally provides that deferred tax assets and liabilities be
recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and
the tax basis of the Company's assets and liabilities and expected benefits of
utilizing net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards. The impact on deferred taxes
of changes in tax rates and laws, if any, are applied to the years during which
temporary differences are expected to be settled and reflected in the financial
statements in the period of enactment.

PER SHARE INFORMATION

Primary earnings per share amounts are based upon the weighted average number of
shares and dilutive common stock equivalents for each period presented. Fully
diluted earnings per share additionally reflect dilutive shares assumed to be
issued upon conversion of the Company's convertible subordinated debentures.
 
Loss per share amounts are based upon the weighted average number of shares of
common stock outstanding during the period. Common stock equivalents are not
included in the computation because their effect would be antidilutive.

SALE OF LAN BUSINESS

In October 1991, the Company sold its Local Area Network ("LAN") business under
an asset purchase agreement for a cash payment of approximately $33.0 million.
Through this transaction the buyer acquired specific tangible and intangible
assets, assumed certain liabilities and received appropriate licenses from
Western Digital for specific LAN applications of more broadly based Western
Digital technology. Further, Western Digital agreed not to manufacture or
distribute similar products for a period of up to six years. In 1992 LAN
business revenue totaled $30.4 million and costs and expenses totaled $24.3
million. In addition, the Company sold its remaining inventory in 1992 to the
purchaser of the LAN business for approximately $18.0 million.

RECLASSIFICATIONS

Certain prior years' amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current
year presentation.

NOTE 2 -- SUPPLEMENTAL FINANCIAL STATEMENT DATA
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             1994           1993            1992
<S>                                                       <C>           <C>           <C>
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
INTEREST INCOME AND EXPENSE
  Interest expense                                        $ 8,780       $ 15,960       $ 21,886
  Interest income                                          (2,942)          (868)        (1,683)
                                                          -------       --------      ----------
  Net interest expense                                    $ 5,838       $ 15,092       $ 20,203
                                                          -------       --------      ----------
                                                          -------       --------      ----------
  Cash paid for interest                                  $ 9,035       $ 15,391       $ 21,387
                                                          -------       --------      ----------
                                                          -------       --------      ----------
INVENTORIES
  Finished goods                                          $27,847       $ 43,634
  Work in process                                          32,178         44,087
  Raw materials and component parts                        19,550         24,795
                                                          -------       --------
                                                          $79,575       $112,516
                                                          -------       --------
                                                          -------       --------
</TABLE>
 
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
                                     -----
 
                                       F-8
<PAGE>   32
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         1994             1993
<S>                                                                 <C>            <C>
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
  Land and buildings                                                $   6,643       $  69,362
  Machinery and equipment                                             151,014         247,186
  Furniture and fixtures                                               11,702          13,367
  Leasehold improvements                                               22,980          21,668
                                                                    ---------      ----------
                                                                      192,339         351,583
  Accumulated depreciation and amortization                          (118,922)       (170,553)
                                                                    ---------      ----------
  Net property and equipment                                        $  73,417       $ 181,030
                                                                    ---------      ----------
                                                                    ---------      ----------
INTANGIBLE AND OTHER ASSETS
  Purchased technology                                              $  24,800       $  24,800
  Goodwill                                                             14,036          14,036
                                                                    ---------      ----------
                                                                       38,836          38,836
  Accumulated amortization                                            (16,341)        (13,746)
                                                                    ---------      ----------
  Net intangible assets                                                22,495          25,090
  Other assets                                                          7,113           6,594
                                                                    ---------      ----------
                                                                    $  29,608       $  31,684
                                                                    ---------      ----------
                                                                    ---------      ----------
</TABLE>
 
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE 3 -- SALE OF WAFER FABRICATION FACILITY
 
In December 1993, the Company sold its Irvine, California silicon wafer
fabrication facility and certain tangible assets to the Semiconductor Products
Sector of Motorola, Inc. ("Motorola") for approximately $111.0 million plus
certain other considerations, including the assumption by Motorola of equipment
leases and certain other liabilities associated with the facility. The gain on
the sale of the facility is not material to the financial position or results of
operations of the Company. Approximately $95.0 million of the proceeds from the
sale were used to reduce bank indebtedness (see Note 4). Concurrent with the
sale, the Company entered into a supply contract with Motorola under which
Motorola will supply silicon wafers to Western Digital until at least December
1995.
 
NOTE 4 -- DEBT

SENIOR DEBT

During 1993, the Company and its lenders entered into amendments to two existing
secured credit facilities which enabled Western Digital to borrow up to $143.3
million as of June 30, 1993. In 1994, the Company repaid all outstanding
indebtedness under these facilities with cash flows from operations and proceeds
of approximately $95.0 million from the sale of the Company's wafer fabrication
facility (see Note 3). Upon repayment of the indebtedness, these two credit
facilities were terminated. While these facilities were utilized by the Company,
the lenders periodically waived compliance with certain financial covenants.
 
During 1994, the Company entered into an $85.0 million accounts receivable
facility with certain financial institutions. The facility consists of a $50.0
million three-year arrangement at Eurodollar or reference rates of the
participating banks and a $35.0 million one-year committed arrangement at a rate
approximating commercial paper rates. This new facility is intended to serve as
a source of working capital as may be needed from time to time and replaces
credit facilities secured by substantially all of the Company's assets. The
accounts receivable facility requires the Company to maintain certain financial
ratios. As of June 30, 1994, there were no borrowings under this facility.

SUBORDINATED DEBT

The 9% debentures, due 2014, are subordinated to all senior debt, are
convertible into the Company's common stock at a conversion price of $14.45 per
share and, subject to certain conditions, are redeemable by the Company. Annual
sinking fund requirements of $3.5 million commence June 1, 1999. During 1994,
approximately $.4 million of convertible debentures were converted into 24,496
shares of the Company's
 
                                     -----
 
                                       F-9
<PAGE>   33
 
common stock. The fair market value of outstanding debentures, based on the
quoted market price at June 30, 1994, was approximately $61.9 million.

NOTE 5 -- COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

PATENTS AND LICENSES

Although the Company owns numerous patents and has many patent applications in
process, the Company believes that the successful manufacture and marketing of
its products generally depends more upon the experience, technical know-how and
creative ability of its personnel rather than upon ownership of patents.
 
The Company pays royalties under several patent licensing agreements which
require periodic payments. From time to time, the Company receives claims of
alleged patent infringement from patent holders which typically contain an offer
to grant the Company a license.

FOREIGN EXCHANGE CONTRACTS

The Company enters into short-term, forward exchange contracts to hedge the
impact of foreign currency fluctuations on certain assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies. At June 30, 1994 and 1993, the Company had
outstanding $30.5 and $14.1 million, respectively of forward exchange contracts
with commercial banks. These contracts generally have maturity dates that do not
exceed three months. The total amount of these contracts is offset by the
underlying assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies. The
realized and unrealized gains and losses on these contracts are included in the
results of operations in the year in which the exchange rates change, and are
not material for all periods presented. At June 30, 1994 and 1993, the carrying
value of the foreign currency contracts approximated their fair value.

OPERATING LEASES

The Company leases certain facilities and equipment under long-term,
non-cancelable operating leases which expire at various dates through 2000.
Rental expense under these leases, including month-to-month rentals, was $26.5,
$29.5 and $27.7 million in 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively.
 
Future minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of June
30, 1994 are:
 
<TABLE>
         <S>                                                                  <C>
         1995                                                                 $22,178
         1996                                                                  15,556
         1997                                                                  10,314
         1998                                                                   9,059
         1999                                                                   8,236
         Thereafter                                                             7,355
                                                                              -------
         Total future minimum rental payments                                 $72,698
                                                                              -------
                                                                              -------
</TABLE>
 
LEGAL CLAIMS

The Company was sued in September 1991, in the United States District Court for
the Central District of California by Amstrad plc, a British computer maker. The
suit alleged that disk drives furnished to Amstrad in 1988 and 1989 were
defective. Amstrad claimed damages of approximately $3.0 million for asserted
losses in out-of-pocket expenses, $38.0 million in lost profits and $100.0
million for injury to Amstrad's reputation and loss of goodwill. The Company
filed a counterclaim against Amstrad. This federal action was dismissed without
prejudice and Amstrad has filed a similar complaint in Orange County, California
Superior Court, but raised the claim for damages to $186.0 million. The Company
again filed a counterclaim for $3.0 million in actual damages plus exemplary
damages in an unspecified amount and intends to vigorously defend itself against
the Amstrad claims.
 
The Company was sued in March 1993 in the United States District Court for the
Northern District of California by Conner Peripherals, Inc. ("Conner"). The suit
alleges that the Company infringes five Conner patents and seeks damages
(including treble damages) in an unspecified amount and injunctive relief.
Conner moved for a preliminary injunction to enjoin the Company from using three
of the patents in certain
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-10
<PAGE>   34
 
of the Company's disk drive products. The court denied that motion. If Conner
were to prevail in its claims, the Company could be enjoined from using any of
the Conner patents found to be valid and infringed that are the subject of this
action as well as held liable for past infringement damages. The amount of such
damages, if any, could be material. The Company believes that it has meritorious
defenses to all of Conner's claims and intends to vigorously defend itself
against the Conner lawsuit. The Company has also filed a suit alleging that
Conner infringes two of the Company's patents.
 
The Company has received a claim of alleged patent infringement from Rodime PLC
("Rodime") under one of Rodime's U.S. patents which relates to 3.5-inch disk
drives. Rodime has offered to grant the Company a royalty bearing license under
that and other Rodime patents. Based on the opinion of patent counsel, the
Company believes that the broad claims of the Rodime patent, if scrutinized in
court, will not withstand an attack on validity, and believes that the Company
has not infringed any valid claim of the Rodime patent. If Rodime were to
commence litigation against the Company on this patent, and if Rodime were to
prevail on its claim, the Company could be held liable for damages for past
infringement. The amount of such damages, if any, is uncertain but could be
material.
 
The Company currently has a cross-license with IBM Corporation ("IBM") which
became effective January 1, 1990. Pursuant to this agreement, the Company has
licensed IBM under certain Western Digital patents for the life of such patents,
and has obtained from IBM a patent license which expires December 31, 1994
covering certain Western Digital products. Although the license granted to
Western Digital extends to certain components within Western Digital disk
drives, disk drives as such are not expressly covered. In calendar 1993, IBM
initiated further discussion with the Company for the purpose of determining
whether the Company's disk drives are covered by specified IBM patents. The
Company is currently reviewing these patents. Based on its prior dealings with
IBM, the Company expects to work toward a supplemental agreement with IBM which
will address the disk drive issues and extend the term of the license, with the
goal of reaching agreement prior to the expiration of the term of the current
license agreement. This supplemental agreement, if finalized, may involve
payment of higher royalties to IBM than are presently paid. No assurance can be
given that such an agreement can be reached upon terms acceptable to the
Company. Failure to reach an acceptable agreement could have a material adverse
impact on the Company's business.
 
The Company is also subject to certain other legal proceedings and claims
arising in connection with its business. There can be no assurance that
litigation will not be commenced on one or more of these or possible other
future such claims, or that, if commenced, all such litigation would be resolved
without any material adverse effect on the Company's business, consolidated
financial position or results of operations.
 
It is management's opinion, however, that none of these claims will have a
material adverse effect on the Company's business, consolidated financial
position or results of operations. The costs of defending such litigation can be
substantial, regardless of outcome.
 
The Company was sued in July 1991 in the United States District Court for the
Central District of California in a purported class action securities lawsuit.
In June 1994, the court approved a settlement of this case whereby eligible
class members will share, on a claims made basis, up to $6.75 million, comprised
of $3.5 million in cash and the balance in shares of the Company's common stock.
The Company's insurance carrier has agreed to contribute up to $2.6 million in
cash toward the settlement. At June 30, 1994, the Company has provided for its
estimate of claims to be made under the settlement.
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-11
<PAGE>   35
 
NOTE 6 -- INCOME TAXES
 
The domestic and international components of income (loss) before income taxes
are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          1994            1993            1992
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>             <C>
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
United States                                           $(25,140)       $(63,753)       $ (20,244)
International                                            111,182          38,645          (51,128)
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
Income (loss) before income taxes                       $ 86,042        $(25,108)       $ (71,372)
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
The components of the provision for income taxes are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          1994            1993            1992
<S>                                                     <C>             <C>             <C>
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Current
  United States                                         $    337        $               $
  International                                            4,313           1,671            1,333
  State                                                      620             183              128
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
                                                           5,270           1,854            1,461
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
Deferred, net
  United States                                            4,857          (1,854)
  International                                              820                               27
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
                                                           5,677          (1,854)              27
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
Additional paid-in capital from benefit of stock
  options exercised                                        1,959
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
Provision for income taxes                              $ 12,906        $               $   1,488
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
Cash paid for income taxes                              $  1,067        $  1,451        $   1,450
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
                                                        --------        --------        ---------
- - -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
Temporary differences and carryforwards which give rise to a significant portion
of deferred tax assets and liabilities at June 30, 1994 and 1993 are as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                          1994             1993
<S>                                                                   <C>             <C>
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deferred tax assets:
  NOL carryforward                                                    $ 53,646        $  61,955
  Business credit carryforward                                          16,204           13,558
  Reserves not currently deductible                                     13,952           11,307
  Provision for restructuring                                                             2,712
  All other                                                             12,839            8,466
                                                                      --------        ---------
                                                                        96,641           97,998
  Valuation allowance                                                  (95,024)         (80,256)
                                                                      --------        ---------
  Total deferred tax assets                                           $  1,617        $  17,742
                                                                      --------        ---------
                                                                      --------        ---------
Deferred tax liabilities:
  Start-up costs                                                      $               $   3,860
  Depreciation                                                             995           11,528
  Leases                                                                 3,458            3,130
  All other                                                             12,732            7,675
                                                                      --------        ---------
  Total deferred tax liabilities                                      $ 17,185        $  26,193
                                                                      --------        ---------
                                                                      --------        ---------
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-12
<PAGE>   36
 
The valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of July 1, 1992 was $61.8
million. The net change in the total valuation allowance for the years ended
June 30, 1994 and 1993 was an increase of $14.8 and $18.4 million, respectively.
 
Reconciliation of the United States Federal statutory rate to the Company's
effective tax rate is as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                  1994           1993         1992
<S>                                                              <C>            <C>          <C>
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
U.S. Federal statutory rate                                       35.0%         (34.0)%      (34.0)%
State income taxes, net                                             .7             .7           .2
Tax rate differential on international income                    (34.7)         (53.5)          .5
NOL with no tax benefit realized                                  10.2           78.9         39.4
Other                                                              3.8            7.9         (4.0)
                                                                  ----           ----         ----
Effective tax rate                                                15.0%            --%         2.1%
                                                                  ----           ----         ----
                                                                  ----           ----         ----
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
Certain income of selected subsidiaries is taxed at substantially lower income
tax rates as compared with local statutory rates. The lower rates reduced income
taxes and increased net earnings by approximately $27.4 million ($.60 per share,
fully diluted) and $8.6 million ($.27 per share, fully diluted) in 1994 and
1993, respectively. The lower rates did not affect income taxes paid or net loss
in 1992. These lower rates expire periodically through 2000.
 
At June 30, 1994, the Company had Federal NOL carryforwards of $162.3 million
and tax credit carryforwards of $16.2 million which expire in 1995 through 2009.
 
Net undistributed earnings from international subsidiaries at June 30, 1994 were
approximately $87.3 million. The net undistributed earnings are intended to
finance local operating requirements. Accordingly, an additional United States
tax provision has not been made.

NOTE 7 -- SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

The following table summarizes all shares of common stock reserved for issuance
as of June 30, 1994 (in thousands):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                      Number
                                                                                    of Shares
<S>                                                                                 <C>
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Issuable upon:
  Conversion of subordinated long-term debt                                              4,059
  Exercise of stock options, including options available for grant                       5,917
  Employee stock purchase plan                                                           1,750
                                                                                       -------
                                                                                        11,726
                                                                                       -------
                                                                                       -------
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
COMMON STOCK OFFERINGS

In February 1993, the Company issued 5,750,000 shares of its common stock in a
public common stock offering. Proceeds from the offering, net of commissions and
other related expenses totaling $3.6 million, were $42.4 million. The proceeds
were used to reduce the Company's outstanding indebtedness.
 
In February 1994, the Company issued 7,618,711 shares of its common stock in a
public common stock offering. Proceeds from the offering, net of commissions and
other related expenses totaling $4.2 million, were $73.3 million. The proceeds
were used for working capital and other general corporate purposes.

STOCK OPTION PLANS

Western Digital's Employee Stock Option Plan ("Employee Plan") is administered
by the Board of Directors who determine the vesting provisions, the form of
payment for the shares and all other terms of the options. Terms of the Employee
Plan require that the exercise price of options be not less than the fair market
value at the date of
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-13
<PAGE>   37
 
grant. Options granted vest 25% one year from the date of grant and in twelve
quarterly increments thereafter. As of June 30, 1994, 1,137,144 options were
exercisable and 862,541 options were available for grant. Participants in the
Employee Plan are permitted to finance the exercise of options with stock
purchased previously. The following table summarizes activity under the Employee
Plan (in thousands, except per share amounts):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Options Outstanding
                                                        --------------------------------------------
                                                           Number
                                                        of Shares      Price Per Share        Amount
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>                  <C>
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Options outstanding at June 30, 1991                       2,536        $ 4.12-$14.62       $ 11,332
  Granted                                                  1,863         2.88-   5.38          7,076
  Exercised                                                   (4)                4.13            (15)
  Cancelled or expired                                      (475)        2.88-  14.62         (2,301)
                                                        --------       --------------       --------
Options outstanding at June 30, 1992                       3,920         2.88-  13.63         16,092
  Granted                                                  1,879         4.38-   9.00         10,981
  Exercised, net of value of redeemed shares                (376)        2.88-   6.88         (1,411)
  Cancelled or expired                                      (329)        2.88-   9.88         (1,693)
                                                        --------       --------------       --------
Options outstanding at June 30, 1993                       5,094         2.88-  13.63         23,969
  Granted                                                  1,731         3.88-  19.13         21,320
  Exercised, net of value of redeemed shares              (1,785)        2.88-   9.00         (7,120)
  Cancelled or expired                                      (664)        2.88-  19.13         (4,710)
                                                        --------       --------------       --------
Options outstanding at June 30, 1994                       4,376        $ 2.88-$19.13       $ 33,459
                                                        --------       --------------       --------
                                                        --------       --------------       --------
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
In 1985, the Company's directors approved the Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee
Directors ("Director Plan") and reserved 800,000 shares for issuance thereafter.
The Director Plan provides for initial option grants to new directors of 20,000
shares per director and additional grants of up to 30,000 options per director
following the exercise of the initial options. As of June 30, 1994, 120,000
options were exercisable and 488,188 options were available for grant. The
following table summarizes activity under the Director Plan (in thousands,
except per share amounts):
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                    Options Outstanding
                                                        --------------------------------------------
                                                           Number
                                                        of Shares      Price Per Share        Amount
<S>                                                     <C>            <C>                  <C>
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Options outstanding at June 30, 1991                         201        $ 5.25-$14.88       $  1,955
  Granted                                                     20                 5.38            108
  Cancelled or expired                                       (37)        6.88-  14.88           (452)
                                                        --------       --------------       --------
Options outstanding at June 30, 1992                         184         5.25-  14.63          1,611
  Cancelled or expired                                        (1)                6.88             (9)
                                                        --------       --------------       --------
Options outstanding at June 30, 1993                         183         5.25-  14.63          1,602
  Granted                                                     90         4.25-  17.13            941
  Exercised                                                  (53)        4.25-  11.50           (388)
  Cancelled or expired                                       (30)               12.88           (386)
                                                        --------       --------------       --------
Options outstanding at June 30, 1994                         190        $ 4.25-$17.13       $  1,769
                                                        --------       --------------       --------
                                                        --------       --------------       --------
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
STOCK PURCHASE WARRANTS

In November 1991 and July 1993, in connection with amending its then existing
two secured credit facilities, the Company issued warrants to the participating
banks that ultimately entitled the holders to purchase an aggregate of 1,125,000
shares of common stock at an average price of $1.08 per share. In February 1994,
the banks exercised all warrants outstanding and the related shares of common
stock were subsequently sold by the banks in conjunction with the Company's
public common stock offering. The Company received exercise price payments from
the warrant holders aggregating approximately $1.2 million. The
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-14
<PAGE>   38
 
shares issued and proceeds received from the exercise of the warrants have been
included in the shares issued and proceeds received from the February 1994
common stock offering.

STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS

In 1989, the Company implemented a plan to protect stockholders' rights in the
event of a proposed takeover of the Company. Under the plan, each share of the
Company's outstanding common stock carries one Right to Purchase Series "A"
Junior Participating Preferred Stock ("the Right"). The Right enables the
holder, under certain circumstances, to purchase common stock of Western Digital
or of the acquiring company at a substantially discounted price ten days after a
person or group publicly announces it has acquired or has tendered an offer for
15% or more of the Company's outstanding common stock. The Rights are redeemable
by the Company at $.01 per Right and expire in 1999.

EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

During 1994, the Board of Directors adopted, and stockholders subsequently
approved, an employee stock purchase plan in accordance with Section 423 of the
Internal Revenue Code whereby eligible employees may authorize payroll
deductions of up to 10% of their salary to purchase shares of the Company's
common stock at the lower of 85% of the fair market value of common stock on the
first or last day of the offering period. Approximately 1.8 million shares of
common stock have been reserved for issuance under this plan. As of June 30,
1994, no shares have been issued under this plan.

PROFIT SHARING PLAN

Effective July 1, 1991, the Company adopted an annual Profit Sharing Plan
covering eligible domestic employees. During 1994, 1993 and 1992, the Company
authorized 8% of pre-tax profits to be allocated to the participants. Payments
to participants of the Profit Sharing Plan were $7.4 and $1.2 million in 1994
and 1993, respectively. No such payments were made under the Profit Sharing Plan
in 1992.

NOTE 8 -- BUSINESS SEGMENT AND INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS
 
Western Digital operates in one industry segment--the design, manufacture and
marketing of disk drives, integrated circuits and graphics enhancement boards to
the personal computer industry. During 1994 and 1993, two customers accounted
for approximately 24% of the Company's revenues. During 1992, one customer
accounted for 10% of revenues.
 
The Company's operations outside the United States include manufacturing
facilities in Singapore, Malaysia and Korea as well as sales offices throughout
the world.
 
The following table summarizes operations by entities located within the
indicated geographic areas for the past three years (in millions). United States
revenues to unaffiliated customers include export sales, principally to Asia, of
$300.0, $237.7 and $228.4 million in 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively.
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-15
<PAGE>   39
 
Transfers between geographic areas are accounted for at prices comparable to
normal sales through outside distributors. General and corporate expenses of
$43.6, $32.7 and $31.1 million in 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively, have been
excluded in determining operating income (loss) by geographic region.
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                           United
                                           States      Europe     Asia        Eliminations       Total
<S>                                        <C>         <C>        <C>         <C>             <C>
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Year ended June 30, 1994
  Sales to unaffiliated customers          $1,171      $321       $ 48                         $1,540
  Transfers between geographic areas           50        28        874          $ (952)
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
  Revenues, net                            $1,221      $349       $922          $ (952)        $1,540
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
  Operating income                         $   24      $  6       $108          $   (3)        $  135
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
  Identifiable assets                      $  430      $ 61       $150          $              $  641
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
Year ended June 30, 1993
  Sales to unaffiliated customers          $  924      $274       $ 27                         $1,225
  Transfers between geographic areas           41        21        793          $ (855)
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
  Revenues, net                            $  965      $295       $820          $ (855)        $1,225
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
  Operating income (loss)                  $  (16)     $  7       $ 38          $   (6)        $   23
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
  Identifiable assets                      $  336      $ 42       $154          $   (1)        $  531
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
Year ended June 30, 1992
  Sales to unaffiliated customers          $  713      $177       $ 48                         $  938
  Transfers between geographic areas           53        38        493          $ (584)
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
  Revenues, net                            $  766      $215       $541          $ (584)        $  938
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
  Operating income (loss)                  $   16      $(13 )     $(47)         $    8         $  (36)
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
  Identifiable assets                      $  327      $ 43       $164          $   (1)        $  533
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
                                           ------      ----       ----        --------        --------
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-16
<PAGE>   40
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
UNAUDITED QUARTERLY INFORMATION
(in thousands, except per share amounts)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                               First         Second        Third          Fourth
<S>                                           <C>           <C>           <C>           <C>
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1994
Revenues, net                                 $285,498      $371,072      $420,878       $462,232
Gross profit                                    46,419        72,821        93,762        104,929
Operating income (loss)                         (2,045)       16,342        34,149         43,434
Net income (loss)                               (5,098)       12,487        28,448         37,299
  Primary earnings (loss) per share(1)        $   (.14)     $    .32      $    .64       $    .79
                                              --------      --------      --------      ---------
                                              --------      --------      --------      ---------
1993
Revenues, net                                 $271,141      $343,475      $325,407       $285,208
Gross profit                                    50,374        58,586        52,300         20,787
Operating income (loss)                          8,539        11,789         5,262        (35,606)
Net income (loss)                                4,168         6,912         1,633        (37,821)
  Primary earnings (loss) per share(1)        $    .14      $    .22      $    .05       $  (1.07)
                                              --------      --------      --------      ---------
                                              --------      --------      --------      ---------
</TABLE>
 
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(1) During the third and fourth quarter of 1994, fully diluted earnings per
    share were $.61 and $.75, respectively. During the second quarter of 1993,
    fully diluted earnings per share were $.21. For all other periods presented,
    fully diluted earnings (loss) per share approximated primary earnings (loss)
    per share.
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-17
<PAGE>   41
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
 
SCHEDULE II -- CONSOLIDATED AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES
               AND UNDERWRITERS, PROMOTERS AND EMPLOYEES OTHER
               THAN RELATED PARTIES
(in thousands)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                              Name of Debtor
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------
                                        Roger W.         John M.          Marc H.
  Three years ended June 30, 1994      Johnson(1)      Markovich(2)     Nussbaum(3)            Total
<S>                                    <C>             <C>              <C>              <C>
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1991                    $ 336             $178            $  45            $ 559
  Additions                                                                      70               70
  Deletions
                                          -------            -----          -------          -------
Balance at June 30, 1992                      336              178              115              629
  Additions                                   500                                                500
  Deletions                                  (336)                                              (336)
                                          -------            -----          -------          -------
Balance at June 30, 1993                      500              178              115              793
  Additions
  Deletions                                                                    (115)            (115)
                                          -------            -----          -------          -------
Balance at June 30, 1994                    $ 500             $178                $            $ 678
                                          -------            -----          -------          -------
                                          -------            -----          -------          -------
</TABLE>
 
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
(1) In October 1989, the Company made a $336 non-interest bearing loan to Roger
    W. Johnson, formerly Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, in connection
    with his exercise of stock options and payment of related income taxes.
    Pursuant to the terms of the Chief Executive Officer Severance Agreement,
    the indebtedness was forgiven upon Mr. Johnson's resignation as Chairman and
    Chief Executive Officer on June 30, 1993.
 
    In June 1993, the Company made a $500 non-interest bearing loan to Mr.
    Johnson. If Mr. Johnson becomes an affiliate of, an employee of, or performs
    work for a competitor within four years, the loan is to accelerate and
    accrue interest from the date made and be due and payable immediately upon
    Mr. Johnson establishing the relationship. In any event, the loan is to be
    repaid at the end of a four-year term.
 
(2) The Company has made several loans to John M. Markovich, formerly Vice
    President and Treasurer, to provide personal financial assistance. Mr.
    Markovich terminated his employment with the Company in June 1992. Loans
    aggregating $30 bear interest at 10%. The remaining loans are interest free.
 
(3) The Company has made several loans to Marc H. Nussbaum, Senior Vice
    President, Engineering, to provide personal financial assistance. These
    notes bore interest at 10% per annum. During 1994, the notes were paid in
    full by Mr. Nussbaum.
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-18
<PAGE>   42
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
 
SCHEDULES V AND VI -- CONSOLIDATED PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT AND RELATED
                      ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
(in thousands)
 
Cost of property and equipment and the related depreciation and amortization are
summarized as follows:
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                Machinery     Furniture
                                   Land and        and          and       Leasehold
Three years ended June 30, 1994    Buildings    Equipment     Fixtures   Improvements           Total
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                <C>          <C>           <C>        <C>              <C>
COST
Balance at June 30, 1991           $ 74,533     $ 262,194     $15,517         $24,165      $ 376,409
  Additions at cost                     516        26,297         838           1,167         28,818
  Retirements or sales               (5,475)      (50,160)     (2,485)         (5,977)       (64,097)
                                   --------     ---------     -------       ---------     ----------
Balance at June 30, 1992             69,574       238,331      13,870          19,355        341,130
  Additions at cost                                33,896         198           2,780         36,874
  Retirements or sales                 (212)      (25,041)       (701)           (467)       (26,421)
                                   --------     ---------     -------       ---------     ----------
Balance at June 30, 1993             69,362       247,186      13,367          21,668        351,583
  Additions at cost                   2,643        22,073         494           3,299         28,509
  Retirements or sales              (65,362)     (118,245)     (2,159)         (1,987)      (187,753)
                                   --------     ---------     -------       ---------     ----------
Balance at June 30, 1994           $  6,643     $ 151,014     $11,702         $22,980      $ 192,339
                                   --------     ---------     -------       ---------     ----------
                                   --------     ---------     -------       ---------     ----------
ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION AND
AMORTIZATION
Balance at June 30, 1991           $  2,945     $ 127,725     $ 5,750         $11,891      $ 148,311
  Charges to operations               3,730        39,290       2,134           2,527         47,681
  Retirements or sales                 (754)      (43,344)     (1,549)         (5,543)       (51,190)
                                   --------     ---------     -------       ---------     ----------
Balance at June 30, 1992              5,921       123,671       6,335           8,875        144,802
  Charges to operations               3,689        42,813       2,008           2,353         50,863
  Retirements or sales                            (24,147)       (661)           (304)       (25,112)
                                   --------     ---------     -------       ---------     ----------
Balance at June 30, 1993              9,610       142,337       7,682          10,924        170,553
  Charges to operations               1,624        36,787       2,020           2,932         43,363
  Retirements or sales              (10,474)      (80,965)     (1,664)         (1,891)       (94,994)
                                   --------     ---------     -------       ---------     ----------
Balance at June 30, 1994           $    760     $  98,159     $ 8,038         $11,965      $ 118,922
                                   --------     ---------     -------       ---------     ----------
                                   --------     ---------     -------       ---------     ----------
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-19
<PAGE>   43
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
 
SCHEDULE VIII -- CONSOLIDATED VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                 AND RESERVES
(in thousands)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                Allowance for
                                                                                  Doubtful
       Three years ended June 30, 1994                                            Accounts
<S>                                                                              <C>
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1991                                                              $ 5,474
  Charges to operations                                                                 3,075
  Deductions                                                                             (686)
  Other                                                                                   141
                                                                                    ---------
Balance at June 30, 1992                                                                8,004
  Charges to operations                                                                 2,476
  Deductions                                                                           (1,044)
  Other                                                                                   (96)
                                                                                    ---------
Balance at June 30, 1993                                                                9,340
  Charges to operations                                                                 3,797
  Deductions                                                                           (2,124)
  Other                                                                                  (188)
                                                                                    ---------
Balance at June 30, 1994                                                              $10,825
                                                                                    ---------
                                                                                    ---------
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
 
SCHEDULE X -- SUPPLEMENTARY CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
(in thousands)
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                               Charged to Costs and Expenses
                                                           -------------------------------------
            Three years ended June 30, 1994                 1994           1993           1992
<S>                                                        <C>            <C>            <C>
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Maintenance and repairs                                      **           $15,521        $12,973
                                                           -------        -------        -------
                                                           -------        -------        -------
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</TABLE>
 
** Less than one percent of revenues
 
                                     -----
 
                                      F-20
<PAGE>   44
 
                               INDEX TO EXHIBITS
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Sequentially
 Exhibit                                                                               Numbered
  Number                                  Description                                    Page
<S>           <C>                                                                    <C>
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 3.1          Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (filed as Exhibit
              3.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed January
              15, 1987 (File No. 1-8703) and incorporated herein by this
              reference)
 3.2.1        By-laws of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2.1
              to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 1-8703) as
              filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 18, 1994)
 3.3          Certificate of Agreement of Merger(7)
 3.4          Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant's
              Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-28374) as filed
              with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 26, 1989)
 4.1          Indenture, dated as of May 1, 1989, between the Registrant and U.S.
              Trust Company of California, N.A., covering the Registrant's 9%
              Convertible Subordinated Debentures due 2014 (incorporated by
              reference to Exhibit 4 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant's
              Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 33-28374) as filed
              with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 10, 1989)
 4.2          Rights Agreement between the Registrant and First Interstate Bank,
              Ltd., as Rights Agent, dated as of December 1, 1988 (incorporated
              by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Registrant's Current Report on
              Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
              December 12, 1988)
 4.3          Amendment No. 1 to Rights Agreement by and between the Registrant
              and First Interstate Bank, Ltd. dated as of August 10, 1990
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1 to the Registrant's Current
              Report on Form 8-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange
              Commission on August 14, 1990)
 4.4          Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of Series A
              Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Registrant
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit A of Exhibit 1 to the
              Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K as filed with the
              Securities and Exchange Commission on December 12, 1988)
10.1          The Registrant's Employee Stock Option Plan (1) **
10.2          The Registrant's Stock Option Plan for Non-Employee Directors (1)
              **
10.3          The Registrant's 1993 Employee Stock Purchase Plan(8) **
10.4          Receivables Contribution and Sale Agreement, dated as of January 7,
              1994 by and between the Company, as seller, and Western Digital
              Capital Corporation, as buyer(2)
10.5          Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated as of January 7, 1994, by and
              among Western Digital Capital Corporation, as seller, the Company,
              as servicer, the Financial Institutions listed therein, as bank
              purchasers and J.P. Morgan Delaware, as administrative agent(2)
10.6          First Amendment to Receivables Purchase Agreement, dated March 23,
              1994, by and between Western Digital Corporation, as seller and the
              Financial Institutions listed therein as bank purchasers and
              administrative agents(2)
10.7          Assignment Agreement, dated as of March 23, 1994, by and between
              J.P. Morgan Delaware as Bank Purchaser and Assignor and the Bank of
              California, N.A. and the Long-term Credit Bank of Japan, LTD., Los
              Angeles Agency as Assignees(2)
10.8          Asset Purchase Agreement dated December 16, 1993 by and between
              Motorola, Inc. and Western Digital regarding the sale and purchase
              of Western Digital's wafer fabrication facilities and certain
              related assets(4)
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   45
 
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                                     Sequentially
 Exhibit                                                                               Numbered
  Number                                  Description                                    Page
<S>           <C>                                                                    <C>
- - --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
10.9          Supply Agreement dated December 16, 1993 by and between Motorola,
              Inc. and Western Digital regarding the supply of wafers to Western
              Digital(4)
10.10         The Western Digital Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan* **
10.11         The Western Digital Corporation Executive Bonus Plan* **
10.12         The Extended Severance Plan of the Registrant * **
10.13         Manufacturing Building lease between Wan Tien Realty Pte Ltd and
              Western Digital (Singapore) Pte Ltd dated as of November 9, 1993
              (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17.1 to the Registrant's
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 1-8703) as filed with the
              Securities and Exchange Commission on January 25, 1994)
10.14         The Management Incentive Compensation Plan of Registrant for fiscal
              year 1995* **
10.15         Wafer and Die Purchase Contract by and between American
              Microsystems, Inc. and the Company effective as of July 18,
              1994(9)*
10.16         Foundry Capacity, Product Purchase, and Technology Agreement by and
              between American Telephone and Telegraph Co. and the Company
              effective as of August 25, 1992 (incorporated by reference to
              Exhibit 10.10.3 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
              (File No. 1-8703) as filed with the Securities and Exchange
              Commission on September 28, 1992)(5)
10.17         Subleases between Wan Tien Realty Pte Ltd and Western Digital
              (Singapore) Pte Ltd dated as of September 1, 1991(1)
10.18         Sublease between Wan Tien Realty Pte Ltd and Western Digital
              (Singapore) Pte Ltd dated as of October 12, 1992(1)
10.19         Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Assets by and between Registrant
              and Standard Microsystems Corporation effective as of September 16,
              1991 and as amended by the Amendment No. 1 to Agreement for
              Purchase and Sale of Assets by and between the Registrant and
              Standard Microsystems Corporation effective as of September 27,
              1991 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2 to Form 8 filed as
              Amendment Number 1 to Registrant's Form 8-K dated October 16, 1991)
10.21         The Registrant's Non-Employee Director Stock-for-Fees Plan(1) **
10.22         Office Building Lease between The Irvine Company and the Registrant
              dated as of January 13, 1988 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit
              10.11 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant's Annual Report to Form
              10-K (File No. 1-8703) as filed on Form 8 with the Securities and
              Exchange Commission on November 18, 1988)(6)
10.26         Patent License Agreement between Western Electric Company,
              Incorporated and the Registrant effective as of July 1, 1980(3)
10.27         Agreement between International Business Machines Corporation and
              the Registrant dated as of January 1, 1990(3)
10.28         Letter to Mr. I.M. Booth from Mr. Roger W. Johnson dated December
              3, 1992 regarding chief executive officer severance arrangement(3)
              **
10.29         Form of Letter to Mr. George L. Bragg from Mr. Roger W. Johnson
              dated October 22, 1992 regarding vice chairman severance
              arrangement(7) **
11            Computation of Per Share Earnings (see page 20 hereof)
21            Subsidiaries of the Company (see page 21 hereof)
23            Consent of Independent Auditors (see page 22 hereof)
27            Financial Data Schedule *
</TABLE>
<PAGE>   46
 
- - ---------------
 
*    New exhibit filed with this Report.
**   Compensation plan, contract or arrangement required to be filed as an
     exhibit pursuant to applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange
     Commission.
 
(1) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K
    (File No. 1-8703) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
    September 28, 1992.
 
(2) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
    (File No. 1-8703) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
    May 9, 1994.
 
(3) Incorporated by reference to Registrant's Amendment No. 1 to Form S-1 (No.
    33-54968) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 5,
    1993.
 
(4) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K
    (File No. 1-8703) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
    January 5, 1994.
 
(5) Subject to confidentiality order dated November 24, 1992.
 
(6) Subject to confidentiality order dated November 21, 1988.
 
(7) Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to Registrant's Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 (No. 33-54968) as filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission on January 26, 1993.
 
(8) Incorporated by reference to Registrant's Registration Statement on Form S-8
    (No. 33-51725) as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
    December 28, 1993.
 
(9) Confidental treatment requested.
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.10
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>WESTERN DIGITAL CORP. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1





                                                                Exhibit 10.10
          Western Digital Corporation
          Deferred Compensation Plan
          Master Plan Document
<PAGE>   2
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================



                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<S>             <C>                                                                                        <C>

ARTICLE 1        Definitions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1

ARTICLE 2        Selection, Enrollment, Eligibility . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      5

      2.1        Selection by Committee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      5 
      2.2        Enrollment Requirements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      5 
      2.3        Eligibility; Commencement of Participation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      5

ARTICLE 3        Deferral Commitments/Interest Crediting  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      5

      3.1        Minimum Deferral . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      5 
      3.2        Company Contribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6 
      3.3        Election to Defer, Effect of Election Form . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6 
      3.4        Withholding of Deferral Amounts  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6 
      3.5        Interest Crediting Prior to Distribution . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6 
      3.6        Installment Distributions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6 
      3.7        FICA and Other Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7

ARTICLE 4        Short-Term Payout; Unforeseeable Financial Emergencies:
                 Withdrawal Election  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7
      4.1        Short-Term Payout  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7
      4.2        Withdrawal Payout/Suspensions for Unforeseeable Financial 
                 Emergencies  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7 
      4.3        Withdrawal Election  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7

ARTICLE 5        Retirement Benefit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      8

      5.1        Retirement Benefit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      8
      5.2        Payment of Retirement Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      8
      5.3        Death Prior to Completion of Retirement Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      8

ARTICLE 6        Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      8

      6.1        Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      8
      6.2        Payment of Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefits  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      8

ARTICLE 7        Termination Benefit  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      8

      7.1        Termination Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      8
      7.2        Payment of Termination Benefit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      9

ARTICLE 8        Disability Waiver and Benefit  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      9

      8.1        Disability Waiver  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      9
      8.2        Disability Benefit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      9



</TABLE>

                                       i
<PAGE>   3
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

<TABLE>

<S>             <C>                                                                                        <C>

ARTICLE 9        Beneficiary Designation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       9

      9.1        Beneficiary  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       9 
      9.2        Beneficiary Designation; Change; Spousal Consent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       9
      9.3        Acknowledgment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10 
      9.4        No Beneficiary Designation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10 
      9.5        Doubt as to Beneficiary  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10 
      9.6        Discharge of Obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10

ARTICLE 10       Leave of Absence . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10

      10.1       Paid Leave of Absence  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10 
      10.2       Unpaid Leave of Absence  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10

ARTICLE 11       Termination, Amendment or Modification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10

      11.1       Termination  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      10 
      11.2       Amendment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      11  
      11.3       Effect of Payment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      11

ARTICLE 12       Administration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      11

      12.1       Committee Duties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      11 
      12.2       Agents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      11 
      12.3       Binding Effect of Decision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      11 
      12.4       Indemnity of Committee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      11 
      12.5       Employer Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      12

ARTICLE 13       Other Benefits and Agreements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      12

      13.1       Coordination with Other Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      12

ARTICLE 14       Claims Procedures  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      12

      14.1       Presentation of Claim. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      12 
      14.2       Notification of Decision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      12 
      14.3       Review of a Denied Claim . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      13 
      14.4       Decision on Review . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      13 
      14.5       Legal Action . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      13

ARTICLE 15       Trust  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      13

      15.1       Establishment of the Trust . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      13
      15.2       Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      13



</TABLE>

                                       ii
<PAGE>   4
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================


<TABLE>
<S>             <C>                                                                                       <C>

ARTICLE 16       Miscellaneous  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      13

      16.1       Unsecured General Creditor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      13 
      16.2       Employer's Liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      14 
      16.3       Nonassignability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      14 
      16.4       Not a Contract of Employment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      14 
      16.5       Furnishing Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      14 
      16.6       Terms  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      14 
      16.7       Captions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      14 
      16.8       Governing Law  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      14 
      16.9       Notice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      14 
      16.10      Successors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      15 
      16.11      Spouse's Interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      15 
      16.12      Validity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      15 
      16.13      Incompetent  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      15 
      16.14      Court Order  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      15 
      16.15      Distribution in the Event of Taxation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      15  
      16.16      Legal Fees To Enforce Rights After Change in Control . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      15


</TABLE>
                                                  
                                      iii
<PAGE>   5
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================



                          WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION

                           DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

                             EFFECTIVE MAY 16, 1994

                                    Purpose
                                    -------

The purpose of this Plan is to provide specified benefits to a select group of
management, highly compensated Employees and Directors who may contribute
materially to the continued growth, development and future business success of
Western Digital Corporation, a Delaware corporation, [and its subsidiaries]
that sponsor this Plan. This Plan shall be unfunded for tax purposes and for
purposes of Title I of ERISA.

                                   ARTICLE 1
                                  Definitions
                                  -----------

For purposes hereof, the following phrases or terms shall have the following
indicated meanings:

1.1      "Account Balance" shall mean the sum of (i) the Deferral Amount, plus
         (ii) interest credited in accordance with all the applicable interest
         crediting provisions of this Plan, less (iii) all distributions. This
         account shall be a bookkeeping entry only and shall be utilized solely
         as a device for the measurement and determination of the amounts to be
         paid to a Participant pursuant to this Plan.

1.2      "Annual Deferral Amount" shall mean that portion of a Participant's
         Base Annual Salary, Management Incentive Compensation Plan and Profit
         Sharing Plan (Cash Element) and/or Directors Fees to be paid during a
         Plan Year that a Participant elects to have and is deferred, in
         accordance with Article 3, for such Plan Year and any Company
         contributions under Section 3.2 hereof that is credited for such Plan
         Year. In the event of a Participant's Retirement, Disability (if
         deferrals cease in accordance with Section 8.1), death or a
         Termination of Employment prior to the end of a Plan Year, such year's
         Annual Deferral Amount shall be the actual amount deferred and
         withheld prior to such event and any Company contributions in respect
         of such period.

1.3      "Base Annual Salary" shall mean the annual compensation, excluding
         bonuses, commissions, overtime, relocation expenses, incentive
         payments, non-monetary awards, directors fees, other fees, and
         automobile allowances, paid to a Participant for employment services
         rendered to any Employer, before reduction for compensation deferred
         pursuant to all qualified, non-qualified and Code Section 125 plans of
         any Employer.

1.4      "Beneficiary" shall mean one or more persons, trusts, estates or
         other entities, designated in accordance with Article 9, that are
         entitled to receive benefits under this Plan upon the death of a
         Participant.

1.5      "Beneficiary Designation Form" shall mean the form established from
         time to time by the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and
         returns to the Committee to designate one or more Beneficiaries and
         attached hereto as Exhibit A.

1.6      "Board" shall mean the board of directors of the Company.

1.7      "Change in Control" means and shall be deemed to occur if any of the
         following events occur:

         (a)     any Person (other than an Exempt Person), alone or together
                 with its Affiliates and Associates, 


                                       1
<PAGE>   6
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

===============================================================================

                 including any group of Persons which is deemed a "person" 
                 under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, becomes the 
                 Beneficial Owner, directly or indirectly, of thirty-three 
                 and one-third percent or more of (i) the then-outstanding 
                 shares of the Company's common stock or (ii) securities 
                 representing thirty-three and one-third percent or more 
                 of the combined voting power of the Company's
                 then-outstanding voting securities;                           


         (b)     a change, during any period of two consecutive years, of a
                 majority of the Board of the Company as constituted as of the
                 beginning of such period, unless the election, or nomination
                 for election by the Company's stockholders, of each director
                 who was not a director at the beginning of such period was
                 approved by vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent
                 Directors then in office (for purposes hereof, "Incumbent
                 Directors" shall consist of the directors holding office as of
                 the effective date of this Plan and any person becoming a
                 director subsequent to such date whose election, or nomination
                 for election by the Company's stockholders, is approved by a
                 vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors then in
                 office);

         (c)     consummation of any merger, consolidation, reorganization or
                 other extraordinary transactions (or series of related
                 transactions) involving the Company which results in the
                 stockholders of the Company having power to vote in the
                 ordinary election of directors immediately prior to such
                 transaction (or series of related transactions) failing to
                 beneficially own at least a majority of the securities of the
                 Company having the power to vote in the ordinary election of
                 directors which are outstanding after giving effect to such
                 transaction (or series of related transactions); or

         (d)     the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete
                 liquidation of the Company or the sale of substantially all of
                 the assets of the Company; or

         (e)     Substantially all of the assets of the Company are sold or
                 otherwise transferred to parties that are not within a
                 "controlled group of corporations" (as defined in Code Section
                 1563) in which the Company is a member.

1.8      "Claimant" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.1.

1 9      "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as may be amended
         from time to time.

1.10     "Committee" shall mean the committee described in Article 12.

1.11     "Company" shall mean Western Digital Corporation, a Delaware
         corporation.

1.12     "Crediting Rate" shall mean, for each Plan Year, an annual interest
         rate determined by the Committee prior to the beginning of each Plan
         Year.

1.13     "Deferral Amount" shall mean the sum of all of a Participant's Annual
         Deferral Amounts, but taking into account only the vested portion of
         any Company contributions.

1.14     "Deduction Limitation" shall mean the following described limitation
         on the annual benefit that may be distributed pursuant to the
         provisions of this Plan. The limitation shall be applied to
         distributions under this Plan as set forth in this Plan. If the
         Company determines in good faith prior to a Change in Control that
         there is a reasonable likelihood that any compensation paid to a
         Participant for a taxable year of the Company would not be deductible
         by the Company solely by reason of the limitation under Code Section
         162(m), then to the extent deemed necessary by the Company to ensure
         that the entire amount of any distribution to the Participant pursuant
         to this Plan prior to the Change in Control is deductible, the


                                       2
<PAGE>   7
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

===============================================================================

        Company may defer all or any portion of the distribution. Any
        amounts deferred pursuant to this limitation shall continue to be
        credited with interest in accordance with Section 3.5 below. The
        amounts so deferred and interest thereon shall be distributed to the
        Participant or his or her Beneficiary (in the event of the
        Participant's death) at the earliest possible date, as determined by
        the Company in good faith, on which the deductibility of compensation
        paid or payable to the Participant for the taxable year of the Company
        during which the distribution is made will not be limited by Section
        162(m), or if earlier, the effective date of a Change in Control.
                                                                               
1.15     "Director" shall mean any member of the board of directors of any
         Employer.

1.16     "Directors Fees" shall mean the annual fees paid by any Employer,
         including retainer fees and meetings fees, excluding stock fees, as
         compensation for serving on the board of directors.

1.17     "Disability" shall mean a period of disability during which a
         Participant qualifies for benefits under the Participant's Employer's
         long-term disability plan, or, if a Participant does not participate
         in such a plan, a period of disability during which the Participant
         would have qualified for benefits under such a plan had the
         Participant been a participant in such a plan, as determined in the
         sole discretion of the Committee. If the Participant's Employer does
         not sponsor such a plan or discontinues to sponsor such a plan,
         Disability shall be determined by the Committee in its sole
         discretion.

1.18     "Disability Benefit'' shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 8.

1.19     "Election Form" shall mean the form established from time to time by
         the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and returns to the
         Committee to make an election under the Plan and attached hereto as
         Exhibit B.

1.20     "Employee" shall mean a person who is an employee of any Employer.

1.21     "Employer(s)" shall mean the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries
         that have been selected by the Board to participate in the Plan.

1.22     "ERISA" shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
         1974, as may be amended from time to time.

1.23     "Management Incentive Compensation Plan" shall mean compensation paid
         annually to a Participant as an Employee under the Western Digital
         Corporation Management Incentive Plan.

1.24     "Participant" shall mean any Employee or Director (i) who is selected
         to participate in the Plan (ii) who elects to participate in the Plan,
         (iii) who signs a Plan Agreement, an Election Form and a Beneficiary
         Designation Form, (iv) whose signed Plan Agreement, Election Form and
         Beneficiary Designation Form are accepted by the Committee, (v) who
         commences participation in the Plan, (vi) whose Plan Agreement has not
         terminated, and (vii) whose Account Balance has not been paid in full.

1.25     "Plan" shall mean the Company's Deferred Compensation Plan, which
         shall be evidenced by this instrument and by each Plan Agreement, as
         may be amended from time to time.

1.26     "Plan Agreement" shall mean a written agreement, as may be amended
         from time to time, which is entered into by and between an Employer
         and a Participant. Each Plan Agreement executed by a Participant shall
         provide for the entire benefit to which such Participant is entitled
         to under the Plan, and the Plan Agreement bearing the latest date of
         acceptance by the Committee shall govern such entitlement.

       
                                       3
<PAGE>   8
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================



1.27     "Years of Plan Participation" shall mean the total number of full Plan
         Years a Participant has been a Participant in the Plan. For purposes
         of a Participant's first Plan Year of participation only, any partial
         Plan Year of participation shall be treated as a full Plan Year.

1.28     "Plan Year" shall, for the first Plan Year, begin on May 16, 1994, and
         end on December 31, 1994. For each Plan Year thereafter, the Plan Year
         shall begin on January 1 of each year and continue through December
         31.

1 29     "Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit'' shall mean the benefit set forth in
         Article 6.

1.30     ''Profit Sharing Plan (Cash Element)" shall mean that portion of
         compensation paid in cash annually to a Participant as an Employee
         under the Western Digital Corporation Profit Sharing Plan.

1.31     "Retirement", "Retires" or "Retired" shall mean, with respect to an
         Employee, severance from employment from all Employers for any reason
         other than a leave of absence, death or Disability on or after the
         attainment of age fifty-five (55); and shall mean, with respect to a
         Director who is not an Employee, severance of his or her directorships
         with all Employers on or after the latter of (a) the attainment of age
         seventy (70), or (b) in the sole discretion of the Committee, an age
         later than age seventy (70). If a Participant is both an Employee and
         a Director, Retirement shall not occur until he or she Retires as both
         an Employee and a Director, which Retirement shall be deemed to be a
         Retirement as a Director, provided, however, that such a Participant
         may elect, prior to Retirement and in accordance with the policies and
         procedures established by the Committee, to Retire for purposes of
         this Plan at the time he or she Retires as an Employee, which
         Retirement shall be deemed to be a Retirement as an Employee.

1.32     "Retirement Benefit'' shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 5.

1.33     "Short-Term Payout" shall mean the payout set forth in Section 4.1.

1.34     "Termination Benefit" shall mean the benefit set forth in Article 7.

1.35     "Termination of Employment" shall mean the ceasing of employment with
         all Employers, or service as a Director of all Employers, voluntarily
         or involuntarily, for any reason other than Retirement, Disability,
         death or an authorized leave of absence. If a Participant is both an
         Employee and a Director, a Termination of Employment shall occur only
         upon the termination of the last position held; provided, however,
         that such a Participant may elect, in accordance with the policies and
         procedures established by the Committee, to be treated for purposes of
         this Plan as having experienced a Termination of Employment at the
         time he or she ceases employment with an Employer as an Employee.

1.36     "Trust" shall mean the grantor trust, within the meaning of Code
         Section 671, established pursuant to that certain Master Trust
         Agreement, dated as of May 16, 1994, between the Company and the
         trustee named therein, as amended from time to time.

1.37     "Unforeseeable Financial Emergency" shall mean an immediate and heavy
         financial need that cannot be relieved by any other resources
         including (i) reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise,
         (ii) reasonable liquidation of the Participant's assets if doing so
         would not cause a hardship in itself, (iii) a suspension of elective
         contributions to the Company's qualified 401(k) plan, (iv)
         distributions or nontaxable loans from the Company's other plans or
         any other employer's plans; (v) loans from commercial sources at
         reasonable commercial terms, (vi) bank accounts, or (vii) reasonable,
         periodic 


                                       4
<PAGE>   9
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

         payment arrangements with a creditor. An immediate and heavy
         financial need exists due to a sudden and unexpected illness or
         accident of the Participant or a dependent of the Participant, loss of
         the Participant's property due to casualty, or other similar
         extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of
         events beyond the control of the Participant, but do not include
         children's education expenses or home purchase or improvement
         expenses.                                                             


                                   ARTICLE 2
                       Selection, Enrollment, Eligibility

2.1      SELECTION BY COMMITTEE.  Participation in the Plan shall be limited to
         a select group of management, highly compensated Employees and
         Directors of the Employers. From that group, the Committee shall
         select, in its sole discretion, Employees and Directors to participate
         in the Plan.

2.2      ENROLLMENT REQUIREMENTS.   As a condition to participation, for the
         first Plan Year of the Plan each selected Employee or Director shall
         complete, execute and return to the Committee at any time prior to May
         16, 1994, a Plan Agreement, an Election Form and a Beneficiary
         Designation Form. Individuals initially selected to participate after
         May 16, 1994 may commence participation by completing, executing and
         returning to the Committee a Plan Agreement, Election Form and
         Beneficiary Designation Form, provided such documents are returned
         within 30 days of selection. In addition, the Committee shall
         establish from time to time such other enrollment requirements as it
         determines in its sole discretion are necessary.

2.3      ELIGIBILITY; COMMENCEMENT OF PARTICIPATION.  Provided an Employee or
         Director selected to participate in the Plan has met all enrollment
         requirements set forth in this Plan and required by the Committee,
         including timely returning all required documents to the Committee,
         that Employee or Director shall commence participation in the Plan on
         May 16, 1994, or, in the case of those selected for participation
         after that date, the May 1, or January 1 immediately following the
         date on which the Employee or Director completes all enrollment
         requirements. If an Employee or a Director fails to meet in a timely
         fashion all such requirements, that Employee or the Director shall not
         be eligible to participate in the Plan until the first day of the Plan
         Year following the delivery to and acceptance by the Committee of the
         required documents.

                                   ARTICLE 3
                    Deferral Commitments/Interest Crediting

3.1      MINIMUM DEFERRAL.

         For each Plan Year, a Participant may elect to defer Base Annual
         Salary, annual cash payments under the Management Incentive
         Compensation Plan and the Profit Sharing Plan (Cash Element) and/or
         Directors Fees in the following minimum amounts for each deferral
         elected, up to a maximum of 100 percent of each:
                                                                        

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                         Minimum
         Deferral                                                        Amount
         --------                                                        -------      

      <S>                                                             <C>
         Aggregate of Base Annual Salary, Management Incentive Plan,
         and Profit Sharing Plan (Cash Element)                           $2,000

          Directors Fees                                                  $2,000


</TABLE>
          
          If no election is made, the amount deferred shall be zero.


                                       5
<PAGE>   10
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

3.2      COMPANY CONTRIBUTION. For each Plan Year, the Board, in its discretion
         may elect to credit to each Employee Participant's Account Balance an
         additional amount to be determined by it, in its discretion. Such
         contributions shall become vested and nonforfeitable in accordance
         with the provisions governing employer contributions under the
         Company's qualified 401(k) plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a
         Participant shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable in all
         Company contributions hereunder upon his or her Retirement,
         Disability, or upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, whichever
         is earliest.

3.3      ELECTION TO DEFER; EFFECT OF ELECTION FORM. In connection with a
         Participant's commencement of participation in the Plan, the
         Participant shall make a deferral election by delivering to the
         Committee a completed and signed Election Form, which election and
         form must be accepted by the Committee for valid election to exist.
         For each succeeding Plan Year, a new Election Form must be delivered
         to the Committee, in accordance with its rules and procedures, before
         the end of the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year for which the
         election is made. If no Election Form is timely delivered for a Plan
         Year, no Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld for that Plan Year.

3.4      WITHHOLDING OF DEFERRAL AMOUNTS.  For each Plan Year, the Base Annual
         Salary portion of the Annual Deferral Amount shall be withheld each
         payroll period in equal amounts from the Participant's Base Annual
         Salary. The Management Incentive Compensation Plan and Profit Sharing
         Plan (Cash Element) and/or Directors Fees portion of the Annual
         Deferral Amount shall be withheld at the time such amounts are or
         otherwise would be paid to the Participant.

3.5      INTEREST CREDITING PRIOR TO DISTRIBUTION. The Plan shall credit
         monthly at the end of each month each Account Balance an amount equal
         to such balance multiplied by one twelfth of the applicable Crediting
         Rate.

3.6      INSTALLMENT DISTRIBUTIONS.  In the event a benefit is paid in
         installments under Articles 5, 6 or 8, installment payment amounts
         shall be determined in the following manner:

         (a)     Interest Rate. The interest rate to be used to calculate
                 installment payment amounts shall be a fixed interest rate
                 that is determined by averaging the Crediting Rates for the
                 Plan Year in which installment payments commence and the four
                 (4) preceding Plan Years. If a Participant has completed fewer
                 than five (5) Plan Years, this average shall be determined
                 using the Crediting Rates for the Plan Years during which the
                 Participant participated in the Plan.

         (b)     "Deemed" Installment Payments. For purposes of calculating
                 installment payment amounts only (and notwithstanding the fact
                 that installment payments shall actually be paid monthly),
                 installment payments for each 12 month period, starting with
                 the date that the Participant became eligible to receive a
                 benefit under this Plan (the "Eligibility Date") and
                 continuing thereafter for each additional 12 month period
                 until the Participant's Account Balance is paid in full, shall
                 be deemed to have been paid in one sum as of the first day of
                 each such 12 month period. (The result of this is that
                 interest crediting shall be made on an annual basis after
                 taking into account the "deemed" annual installment payment
                 for the 12 month period.)

         (c)     Amortization. Based on the interest rate determined in
                 accordance with Section 3.6(a) above and the "deemed" form of
                 installment payments determined in accordance with Section
                 3.6(b) above, the Participant's Account Balance shall be
                 amortized in equal annual installment payments over the term
                 of the specified payment period (starting as of the
                 Eligibility Date and stated in years rather than months).

         (d)     Monthly Payments. The annual installment payment determined
                 in Section 3.6(c) above shall be 

                                       6
<PAGE>   11
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

        divided by 12, and the resulting number shall be the monthly
        installment payment that is to be paid each month during the specified
        monthly installment payment period in accordance with the other terms
        and conditions of this Plan.                                  


3.7      FICA AND OTHER TAXES.  For each Plan Year in which an Annual Deferral
         Amount is being withheld, the Participant's Employer(s) shall ratably
         withhold from that portion of the Participant's Base Annual Salary
         that is not being deferred, the Participant's share of FICA and other
         employment taxes. If necessary, the Committee shall reduce the Annual
         Deferral Amount in order to comply with this Section 3.7.

                                   ARTICLE 4
     Short-Term Payout; Unforeseeable Financial Emergencies: Withdrawal Election

4.1      SHORT-TERM PAYOUT.  Subject to the Deduction Limitation, in connection
         with each election to defer an Annual Deferral Amount, a Participant
         may elect to receive a future "Short-Term Payout" from the Plan with
         respect to that Annual Deferral Amount. The Short-Term Payout shall be
         a lump sum payment in an amount that is equal to the Annual Deferral
         Amount plus interest credited in the manner provided in Section 3.5
         above on that amount. Subject to the other terms and conditions of
         this Plan, each Short-Term payout elected shall be paid within 60 days
         of the first day of the Plan Year that is a number of years (not less
         than three, as specified by the Participant) after the first day of
         the Plan Year in which the Annual Deferral Amount is actually
         deferred.

4.2      WITHDRAWAL PAYOUT/SUSPENSIONS FOR UNFORESEEABLE FINANCIAL EMERGENCIES.
         If the Participant experiences an Unforeseeable Financial Emergency,
         the Participant may petition the Committee to (a) suspend any
         deferrals required to be made by a Participant and/or (b) receive a
         partial or full payout from the Plan. The payout shall not exceed the
         lesser of the Participant's Account Balance, calculated as if such
         Participant were receiving a Termination Benefit, or the amount
         reasonably needed to satisfy the Unforeseeable Financial Emergency.
         Only one such withdrawal may be made in any 24 month period. If,
         subject to the sole discretion of the Committee, the petition for a
         suspension and/or payout is approved, suspension shall take effect
         upon the date of approval and any payout shall be made within 60 days
         of the date of approval. A request for a withdrawal under this Section
         4.2 must be accompanied by (x) a letter signed by the Participant
         describing all the circumstances and the resources he has available to
         meet the need and a certification that the resources listed in Section
         1.38 hereof and all others are unavailable/insufficient/non-existent
         to meet the need, (y) copies of the appropriate official documentation
         (e.g., bills, eviction or foreclosure notices or documents showing
         that such are impending), and (z) statement of monthly household
         income and expenses (with explanations for unusual items).

4.3      WITHDRAWAL ELECTION.  A Participant may elect, at any time, to
         withdraw all of his or her Account Balance prior to the time such
         Account Balance is otherwise due and payable in whole or in part,
         subject to a 10% withdrawal penalty (the net amount shall be referred
         to as the "Withdrawal Amount"). No partial withdrawals of that balance
         shall be allowed. The Participant shall make this election by giving
         the Committee advance written notice of the election in a form
         determined from time to time by the Committee. The penalty shall be
         equal to 10% of the portion of the Participant's Account Balance,
         determined immediately prior to the withdrawal, that is not otherwise
         due and payable. The Participant shall be paid the Withdrawal Amount
         within 60 days of his or her election. Once the Withdrawal Amount is
         paid, the Participant's participation in the Plan shall terminate and
         the Participant shall not be eligible to participate in the Plan in
         the future. The payment of this Withdrawal Amount shall not be subject
         to the Deduction Limitation.


                                       7
<PAGE>   12
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

                                   ARTICLE 5
                               Retirement Benefit
        
5.1      RETIREMENT BENEFIT.  Subject to the Deduction Limitation, a
         Participant who Retires shall receive, as a Retirement Benefit, his or
         her Account Balance.

5.2      PAYMENT OF RETIREMENT BENEFITS.  A Participant, in connection with his
         or her commencement of participation in the Plan, shall elect on an
         Election Form to receive the Retirement Benefit in a lump sum or in
         equal monthly payments (the latter determined in accordance with
         Section 3.6 above) over a period of 60, 120, 180, or 240 months. The
         Participant may change his or her election to an allowable alternative
         payout period by submitting a new Election Form to the Committee,
         provided that any such Election Form is submitted at least 3 years
         prior to the Participant's Retirement and is accepted by the Committee
         in its sole discretion. The Election Form most recently accepted by
         the Committee shall govern the payout of the Retirement Benefit. The
         lump sum payment shall be made, or installment payments shall
         commence, no later than 60 days after the date the Participant
         Retires.

5.3      DEATH PRIOR TO COMPLETION OF RETIREMENT BENEFITS. If a Participant
         dies after Retirement but before the Retirement Benefit is paid in
         full, the Participant's unpaid Retirement Benefit payments shall
         continue and shall be paid to the Participant's Beneficiary (a) over
         the remaining number of months and in the same amounts as that benefit
         would have been paid to the Participant had the Participant survived,
         or (b) in a lump sum, if requested by the Beneficiary and allowed in
         the sole discretion of the Committee, that is equal to the
         Participant's unpaid remaining Account Balance.

                                   ARTICLE 6
                        Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit

6.1      PRE-RETIREMENT SURVIVOR BENEFIT. Subject to the Deduction Limitation,
         if a Participant dies before he or she Retires, experiences a
         Termination of Employment or suffers a Disability, the Participant's
         Beneficiary shall receive a Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit equal to
         the Participant's Account Balance.

6.2      PAYMENT OF PRE-RETIREMENT SURVIVOR BENEFITS. A Participant, in
         connection with his or her commencement of participation in the Plan,
         shall elect on an Election Form whether the Pre-Retirement Survivor
         Benefit shall be received by his or her Beneficiary in a lump sum or
         in equal monthly payments (the latter determined in accordance with
         Section 3.6 above) over a period of 60, 120, 180, or 240 months.  The
         Participant may change this election to an allowable alternative
         payout period by submitting a new Election Form to the Committee,
         which form must be accepted by the Committee in its sole discretion.
         The Election Form most recently accepted by the Committee prior to the
         Participant's death shall govern the payout of the Participant's
         Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit. Despite the foregoing, if the
         Participant's Account Balance at the time of his or her death is less
         than $25,000, payment of the Pre-Retirement Survivor Benefit may be
         made, in the sole discretion of the Committee, in a lump sum or in
         installment payments that do not exceed five years in duration.  The
         lump sum payment shall be made, or installment payments shall
         commence, no later than 60 days after the date the Committee is
         provided with proof that is satisfactory to the Committee of the
         Participant's death.

                                   ARTICLE 7
                              Termination Benefit
        
7.1      TERMINATION BENEFITS. Subject to the Deduction Limitation, if a
         Participant experiences a Termination of Employment prior to his or
         her Retirement, death or Disability, the Participant shall receive a
         Termination Benefit, which shall be equal to the Participant's Account
         Balance, with interest having been 

                                       8
<PAGE>   13
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

         credited in the manner provided in Section 3.5 above.

7.2      PAYMENT OF TERMINATION BENEFIT. The Termination Benefit shall be paid
         in a lump sum within 60 days of the Termination of Employment.

                                   ARTICLE 8
                         Disability Waiver and Benefit

8.1      DISABILITY WAIVER.

         (a)     Eligibility. By participating in the Plan, all Participants
                 are eligible for this waiver.

         (b)     Waiver of Deferral; Credit for Plan Year of Disability. A
                 Participant who is determined by the Committee to be suffering
                 from a Disability shall be excused from fulfilling that
                 portion of the Annual Deferral Amount commitment that would
                 otherwise have been withheld from a Participant's Base Annual
                 Salary, Annual Bonus and/or Directors Fees for the Plan Year
                 during which the Participant first suffers a Disability.
                 During the period of Disability, the Participant shall not be
                 allowed to make any additional deferral elections.

         (c)     Return to Work. If a Participant returns to employment or
                 service as a Director with an Employer after a Disability
                 ceases, the Participant may elect to defer an Annual Deferral
                 Amount for the Plan Year following his or her return to
                 employment or service and for every Plan Year thereafter while
                 a Participant in the Plan; provided such deferral elections
                 are otherwise allowed and an Election Form is delivered to and
                 accepted by the Committee for each such election in

8.2      DISABILITY BENEFIT.  A Participant suffering a Disability shall, for
         benefit purposes under this Plan, continue to be considered to be
         employed or in the service of an Employer as a Director and shall be
         eligible for the benefits provided for in Articles 4, 5, 6 or 7 in
         accordance with the provisions of those Articles. Notwithstanding the
         above, the Committee shall have the right, in its sole and absolute
         discretion and for purposes of this Plan only, to terminate a
         Participant's employment or service as a Director at any time after
         such Participant is determined to be permanently disabled (i) under
         the Participant Employer's long-term disability plan (or would have
         been determined to be permanently disabled had he or she participated
         in that plan), or (ii) if such a plan does not exist, by the Committee
         in its sole discretion.

                                   ARTICLE 9
                            Beneficiary Designation
        
9.1      BENEFICIARY.  Each Participant shall have the right, at any time, to
         designate his or her Beneficiary(ies) (both primary as well as
         contingent) to receive any benefits payable under the Plan to a
         beneficiary upon the death of a Participant. The Beneficiary
         designated under this Plan may be the same as or different from the
         Beneficiary designation under any other plan of an Employer in which
         the Participant participates.

9.2      BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION; CHANGE; SPOUSAL CONSENT.  A Participant shall
         designate his or her Beneficiary by completing and signing the
         Beneficiary Designation Form, and returning it to the Committee or its
         designated agent. A Participant shall have the right to change a
         Beneficiary by completing, signing and otherwise complying with the
         terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Committee's rules
         and procedures, as in effect from time to time. If the Participant
         names someone other 

                                       9
<PAGE>   14
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document


=============================================================================== 
         than his or her spouse as a Beneficiary, a spousal consent, in
         the form designated by the Committee, must be signed by that
         Participant's spouse and returned to the Committee.  Upon the
         acceptance by the Committee of a new Beneficiary Designation Form, all
         Beneficiary designations previously filed shall be canceled. The
         Committee shall be entitled to rely on the last Beneficiary
         Designation Form filed by the Participant and accepted by the
         Committee prior to his or her death.

9.3      ACKNOWLEDGMENT.  No designation or change in designation of a
         Beneficiary shall be effective until received, accepted and
         acknowledged in writing by the Committee or its designated agent.

9.4      NO BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION.  If a Participant fails to designate a
         Beneficiary as provided in Sections 9.1, 9.2 and 9.3 above or, if all
         designated Beneficiaries predecease the Participant or die prior to
         complete distribution of the Participant's benefits, then the
         Participant's designated Beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her
         surviving spouse. If the Participant has no surviving spouse, the
         benefits remaining under the Plan to be paid to a Beneficiary shall be
         payable to the executor or personal representative of the
         Participant's estate.

9.5      DOUBT AS TO BENEFICIARY.  If the Committee has any doubt as to the
         proper Beneficiary to receive payments pursuant to this Plan, the
         Committee shall have the right, exercisable in its discretion, to
         cause the Participant's Employer to withhold such payments until this
         matter is resolved to the Committee's satisfaction.

9.6      DISCHARGE OF OBLIGATIONS.  The payment of benefits under the Plan to a
         Beneficiary shall fully and completely discharge all Employers and the
         Committee from all further obligations under this Plan with respect to
         the Participant, and that Participant's Plan Agreement shall terminate
         upon such full payment of benefits.

                                   ARTICLE 10
                                Leave of Absence
         
10.1     PAID LEAVE OF ABSENCE. If a Participant is authorized by the
         Participant's Employer for any reason to take a paid leave of absence
         from the employment of the Employer, the Participant shall continue to
         be considered employed by the Employer and the Annual Deferral Amount
         shall continue to be withheld during such paid leave of absence in
         accordance with Section 3.3.

10.2     UNPAID LEAVE OF ABSENCE.  If a Participant is authorized by the
         Participant's Employer for any reason to take an unpaid leave of
         absence from the employment of the Employer, the Participant shall
         continue to be considered employed by the Employer and the Participant
         shall be excused from making deferrals until the earlier of the date
         the leave of absence expires or the Participant returns to a paid
         employment status. Upon such expiration or return, deferrals shall
         resume for the remaining portion of the Plan Year in which the
         expiration or return occurs, based on the deferral election, if any,
         made for that Plan Year. If no election was made for that Plan Year,
         no deferral shall be withheld.

                                   ARTICLE 11
                     Termination, Amendment or Modification
         
11.1     TERMINATION.  Any Employer reserves the right to terminate the Plan at
         any time with respect to its participating Employees and Directors by
         the actions of its board of directors. Upon the termination of the
         Plan, all Plan Agreements of a Participant shall terminate and his or
         her Account Balance, determined as if he or she had experienced a
         Termination of Employment on the date of Plan termination or, if Plan
         termination occurs after the date upon which the Participant was
         eligible to Retire, 

                                       10
<PAGE>   15
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

         the Participant had Retired on the date of Plan termination,
         shall be paid to the Participant as follows. Prior to a Change in
         Control, an Employer shall have the right, in its sole discretion, and
         notwithstanding any elections made by the Participant, to pay such
         benefits in a lump sum or in monthly installments for up to 15 years,
         with interest credited during the installment period as provided in
         Section 3.6. After a Change in Control, the Employer shall be required
         to pay such benefits in a lump sum. The termination of the Plan shall
         not adversely affect any Participant or Beneficiary who has become
         entitled to the payment of any benefits under the Plan as of the date
         of termination; provided however, that the Employer shall have the
         right to accelerate installment payments by paying the present value
         equivalent of such payments, using the Crediting Rate for the Plan
         Year in which the termination occurs as the discount rate, in a lump
         sum or pursuant to a different payment schedule. 


11.2     AMENDMENT.  Any Employer may, at any time, amend or modify the Plan in
         whole or in part with respect to that Employer by the actions of its
         board of directors; provided, however, that no amendment or
         modification shall be effective to decrease or restrict the value of a
         Participant's Account Balance in existence at the time the amendment
         or modification is made, calculated as if the Participant had
         experienced a Termination of Employment as of the effective date of
         the amendment or modification, or, if the amendment or modification
         occurs after the date upon which the Participant was eligible to
         Retire, the Participant had Retired as of the effective date of the
         amendment or modification. The amendment or modification of the Plan
         shall not affect any Participant or Beneficiary who has become
         entitled to the payment of benefits under the Plan as of the date of
         the amendment or modification; provided, however, that the Employer
         shall have the right to accelerate installment payments by paying the
         present value equivalent of such payments, using the Crediting Rate
         for the Plan Year of the amendment or modification as the discount
         rate, in a lump sum or pursuant to a different payment schedule.


11.3     EFFECT OF PAYMENT. The full payment of the applicable benefit under
         Articles 5, 6, 7 or 8 of the Plan shall completely discharge all
         obligations to a Participant and his or her designated Beneficiaries
         under this Plan and the Participant's Plan Agreement shall terminate.

                                   ARTICLE 12
                                 Administration

12.1     COMMITTEE DUTIES.  This Plan shall be administered by a Committee
         which shall consist of the Board, or such committee as the Board shall
         appoint. Members of the Committee may be Participants under this Plan.
         The Committee shall also have the discretion and authority to (i)
         make, amend, interpret, and enforce all appropriate rules and
         regulations for the administration of this Plan and (ii) decide or
         resolve any and all questions including interpretations of this Plan,
         as may arise in connection with the Plan.

12.2     AGENTS.  In the administration of this Plan, the Committee may, from
         time to time, employ agents and delegate to them such administrative
         duties as it sees fit (including acting through a duly appointed
         representative) and may from time to time consult with counsel who may
         be counsel to any Employer.

12.3     BINDING EFFECT OF DECISIONS.  The decision or action of the Committee
         with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the
         administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and the
         rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final and
         conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the
         Plan.

12.4     INDEMNITY OF COMMITTEE. All Employers shall indemnify and hold
         harmless the members of the Committee against any and all claims,
         losses, damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any action or
         failure to act with respect to this Plan, except in the case of
         willful misconduct by the Committee or any

                                       11
<PAGE>   16
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

         of its members.

12.5     EMPLOYER INFORMATION. To enable the Committee to perform its
         functions, each Employer shall supply full and timely information to
         the Committee on all matters relating to the compensation of its
         Participants, the date and circumstances of the Retirement,
         Disability, death or Termination of Employment of its Participants,
         and such other pertinent information as the Committee may reasonably
         require.

                                   ARTICLE 13
                        Other Benefits and Agreements

13.1     COORDINATION WITH OTHER BENEFITS. The benefits provided for a
         Participant and Participant's Beneficiary under the Plan are in
         addition to any other benefits available to such Participant under any
         other plan or program for employees of the Participant's Employer. The
         Plan shall supplement and shall not supersede, modify or amend any
         other such plan or program except as may otherwise be expressly
         provided.

                                   ARTICLE 14
                               Claims Procedures

14.1     PRESENTATION OF CLAIM.  Any Participant or Beneficiary of a deceased
         Participant (such Participant or Beneficiary being referred to below
         as a "Claimant") may deliver to the Committee a written claim for a
         determination with respect to the amounts distributable to such
         Claimant from the Plan. If such a claim relates to the contents of a
         notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within 60 days
         after such notice was received by the Claimant. The claim must state
         with particularity the determination desired by the Claimant. All
         other claims must be made within 180 days of the date on which the
         event that caused the claim to arise occurred. The claim must state
         with articularity the determination desired by the Claimant.

14.2      NOTIFICATION OF DECISION. The Committee shall consider a Claimant's
         claim within a reasonable time, and shall notify the Claimant in
         writing:

         (a)     that the Claimant's requested determination has been made, and
                 that the claim has been allowed in full; or

         (b)     that the Committee has reached a conclusion contrary, in whole
                 or in part, to the Claimant's requested determination, and
                 such notice must set forth in a manner calculated to be
                 understood by the Claimant:

                 (i)      the specific reason(s) for the denial of the claim,
                          or any part of it;

                 (ii)     specific reference(s) to pertinent provisions of the
                          Plan upon which such denial was based:

                 (iii)    a description of any additional material or
                          information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the
                          claim, and an explanation of why such material or
                          information is necessary; and

                 (iv)     an explanation of the claim review procedure set
                          forth in Section 14.3 below.





                                       12
<PAGE>   17
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

14.3     REVIEW OF A DENIED CLAIM. Within 60 days after receiving a notice from
         the Committee that a claim has been denied, in whole or in part, a
         Claimant (or the Claimant's duly authorized representative) may file
         with the Committee a written request for a review of the denial of the
         claim. Thereafter, but not later than 30 days after the review
         procedure began, the Claimant (or the Claimant's duly authorized
         representative):

         (a)     may review pertinent documents;

         (b)     may submit written comments or other documents; and/or

         (c)     may request a hearing, which the Committee, in its sole 
                 discretion, may grant.

14.4     DECISION ON REVIEW. The Committee shall render its decision on review
         promptly, and not later than 60 days after the filing of a written
         request for review of the denial, unless a hearing is held or other
         special circumstances require additional time, in which case the
         Committee's decision must be rendered within 120 days after such date.
         Such decision must be written in a manner calculated to be understood
         by the Claimant, and it must contain:

         (a)     specific reasons for the decision;

         (b)     specific reference(s) to the pertinent Plan provisions upon
                 which the decision was based; and

         (c)     such other matters as the Committee deems relevant.

14.5     LEGAL ACTION. A Claimant's compliance with the foregoing provisions of
         this Article 14 is a mandatory prerequisite to a Claimant's right to
         commence any legal action with respect to any claim for benefits under
         this Plan.

                                   ARTICLE 15
                                     Trust

15.1     ESTABLISHMENT OF THE TRUST. The Company shall establish the Trust,
         and the Employers shall transfer over to the Trust such assets as the
         Employers determine, in their sole discretion, are necessary to assist
         in funding the Employer's future liabilities created with respect to
         the Annual Deferral Amounts.

15.2     INTERRELATIONSHIP OF THE PLAN AND THE TRUST. The provisions of the
         Plan and the Plan Agreement shall govern the rights of a Participant
         to receive distributions pursuant to the Plan. The provisions of the
         Trust shall govern the rights of the Employers, Participants and the
         creditors of the Employers to the assets transferred to the Trust.
         Each Employer shall at all times remain liable to carry out its
         obligations under the Plan. Each Employer's obligations under the Plan
         may be satisfied with Trust assets distributed pursuant to the terms
         of the Trust, and any such distribution shall reduce the Employer's
         obligations under this Agreement.

                                   ARTICLE 16
                                 Miscellaneous

16.1     UNSECURED GENERAL CREDITOR. Participants and their Beneficiaries,
         heirs, successors and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights,
         interests or claims in any property or assets of an Employer. Any and
         all of an Employer's assets shall be, and remain, the general,
         unpledged unrestricted assets of the Employer. An Employer's
         obligation under the Plan shall be merely that of an unfunded and
         unsecured


                                       13
<PAGE>   18
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

         promise to pay money in the future.

16.2     EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY. An Employer's liability for the payment of
         benefits shall be defined only by the Plan and the Plan Agreement, as
         entered into between the Employer and a Participant. An Employer shall
         have no obligation to a Participant under the Plan except as expressly
         provided in the Plan and his or her Plan Agreement.

16.3     NONASSIGNABILITY. Neither a Participant nor any other person shall
         have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate,
         mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey in
         advance of actual receipt, the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or
         any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are expressly
         declared to be, unassignable and non-transferable, except that the
         foregoing shall not apply to any family support obligations set forth
         in a court order. No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to
         actual payment, be subject to seizure or sequestration for the payment
         of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance owed by a
         Participant or any other person, nor be transferable by operation of
         law in the event of a Participant's or any other person's bankruptcy
         or insolvency.

16.4     NOT A CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT. The terms and conditions of this Plan
         shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any
         Employer and the Participant. Such employment is hereby acknowledged
         to be an "at will" employment relationship that can be terminated at
         any time for any reason, with or without cause, unless expressly
         provided in a written employment agreement. Nothing in this Plan shall
         be deemed to give a Participant the right to be retained in the
         service of any Employer, either as an Employee or a Director, or to
         interfere with the right of any Employer to discipline or discharge
         the Participant at any time.

16.5     FURNISHING INFORMATION. A Participant or his or her Beneficiary will
         cooperate with the Committee by furnishing any and all information
         requested by the Committee and take such other actions as may be
         requested in order to facilitate the administration of the Plan and
         the payments of benefits hereunder, including but not limited to
         taking such physical examinations as the Committee may deem necessary.

16.6     TERMS. Whenever any words are used herein in the masculine, they shall
         be construed as though they were in the feminine in all cases where
         they would so apply; and whenever any words are used herein in the
         singular or in the plural, they shall be construed as though they were
         used in the plural or the singular, as the case may be, in all cases
         where they would so apply.

16.7     CAPTIONS. The captions of the articles, sections and paragraphs of
         this Plan are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the
         meaning or construction of any of its provisions.

16.8     GOVERNING LAW. Subject to ERISA, the provisions of this Plan shall be
         construed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of
         California without regard to its conflicts of laws principles.

16.9     NOTICE. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the
         Committee under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and
         hand-delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail, to the
         address below:

                        Deferred Compensation Plan Committee 
                        Western Digital
                        Corporation 8105 Irvine Center Drive 
                        Irvine, Ca 92718



                                       14
<PAGE>   19
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

         Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if
         delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the
         receipt for registration or certification.

         Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to a
         Participant under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and
         hand-delivered, or sent by mail, to the last known address of the
         Participant.

16.10    SUCCESSORS. The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the
         benefit of the Participant's Employer and its successors and assigns
         and the Participant and the Participant's designated Beneficiaries.

16.11    SPOUSE'S INTEREST. The interest in the benefits hereunder of a spouse
         of a Participant who has predeceased the Participant shall
         automatically pass to the Participant and shall not be transferable by
         such spouse in any manner, including but not limited to such spouse's
         will, nor shall such interest pass under the laws of intestate
         succession.

16.12    VALIDITY.  In case any provision of this Plan shall be illegal or
         invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect
         the remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be construed and
         enforced as if such illegal or invalid provision had never been
         inserted herein.

16.13    INCOMPETENT. If the Committee determines in its discretion that a
         benefit under this Plan is to be paid to a minor, a person declared
         incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of
         that person's property, the Committee may direct payment of such
         benefit to the guardian, legal representative or person having the
         care and custody of such minor, incompetent or incapable person. The
         Committee may require proof of minority, incompetence, incapacity or
         guardianship, as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution of the
         benefit. Any payment of a benefit shall be a payment for the account
         of the Participant and the Participant's Beneficiary, as the case may
         be, and shall be a complete discharge of any liability under the Plan
         for such payment amount.

16.14    COURT ORDER. The Committee is authorized to make any payments directed
         by court order in any action in which the Plan or the Committee has
         been named as a party.

16.15    DISTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF TAXATION.

         (a)     General. If, for any reason, all or any portion of a
                 Participant's benefit under this Plan becomes taxable to the
                 Participant prior to receipt, a Participant may petition the
                 Committee for a distribution of that portion of his or her
                 benefit that has become taxable. Upon the grant of such a
                 petition, which grant shall not be unreasonably withheld, a
                 Participant's Employer shall distribute to the Participant
                 immediately available funds in an amount equal to the taxable
                 portion of his or her benefit (which amount shall not exceed a
                 Participant's unpaid Account Balance under the Plan). If the
                 petition is granted, the tax liability distribution shall be
                 made within 90 days of the date when the Participant's
                 petition is granted. Such a distribution shall affect and
                 reduce the benefits to be paid under this Plan.

         (b)     TRUST. If the Trust terminates in accordance with [Section
                 3.6(c) of the Trust] and benefits are distributed from the
                 Trust to a Participant in accordance with that Section, the
                 Participant's benefits under this Plan shall be reduced to the
                 extent of such distributions.

16.16    LEGAL FEES TO ENFORCE RIGHTS AFTER CHANGE IN CONTROL. The Company is
         aware that upon the occurrence of a Change in Control, the Board
         (which might then be composed of new members) or a shareholder of the
         Company, or of any successor corporation might then cause or attempt
         to cause the Company or such successor to refuse to comply with its
         obligations under the Plan and might cause 

                                       15
<PAGE>   20
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Deferred Compensation Plan
Master Plan Document

================================================================================
         
         or attempt to cause the Company to institute, or may institute,
         litigation seeking to deny Participants the benefits intended under
         the Plan. In these circumstances, the purpose of the Plan could be
         frustrated. 
         
         Accordingly, if, following a Change in Control, it should appear to
         any Participant that the Company or the Company has failed to comply
         with any of its obligations under the Plan or any agreement thereunder
         or, if the Company or any other person takes any action to declare the
         Plan void or unenforceable or institutes any litigation or other legal
         action designed to deny, diminish or to recover from any Participant
         the benefits intended to be provided, then the Company irrevocably
         authorize such Participant to retain counsel of his or her choice at
         the expense of the Company to represent such Participant in connection
         with the initiation or defense of any litigation or other legal
         action, whether by or against the Company or any director, officer,
         shareholder or other person affiliated with the Company or any
         successor thereto in any jurisdiction.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has signed this Plan document as of
May 1, 1994.

                                     WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
                                       a Delaware Corporation

                                     By:           ROBERT L. ERICKSON
                                         --------------------------------------
                                     Officer's Name:     Robert L. Erickson
                                                     --------------------------



                                       16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.11
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>WESTERN DIGITAL CORP. EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                     Exhibit 10.11
                                                            

WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document

====================================================================


<PAGE>   2
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
                                                                           
================================================================================


                               TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<S>             <C>                                                                             <C>
ARTICLE 1       Definitions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      1 

ARTICLE 2       Selection, Enrollment and Eligibility  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      4

      2.1       Selection by Committee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      4
      2.2       Enrollment Requirements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      4
      2.3       Eligibility; Commencement of Participation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      4

ARTICLE 3       Vesting; Account Balance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      4

      3.1       Vesting in Change in Control Benefit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      4
      3.2       Forfeiture . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      5
      3.3       Account Balance  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      5

ARTICLE 4

      4.1       Change in Control Benefit  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      5
      4.2       Employer Benefit . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      5
      4.3       Withholding and Payroll Taxes  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6
     
ARTICLE 5

      5.1       Beneficiary  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6
      5.2       Beneficiary Designation; Change; Spousal Consent . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6
      5.3       Acknowledgment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6
      5.4       No Beneficiary Designation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6
      5.5       Doubt as to Beneficiary  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6
      5.6       Discharge of Obligations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6
  
ARTICLE 6       Termination, Amendment or Modification of the Plan . . . . . . . . . . . .      6

      6.1       Termination, Amendment or Modification Prior to One Year
                Before Change in Control . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      6
      6.2       Termination, Amendment or Modification Within One Year Before
                Change of Control or Following Change in Control   . . . . . . . . . . . .      7
      6.3       Termination of Plan Agreement  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7

ARTICLE 7       Other Benefits and Agreements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7

      7.1       Coordination with Other Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7

ARTICLE 8       Trust  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7

      8.1       Establishment of the Trust; Premiums . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7
      8.2       Interrelationship of the Plan and the Trust  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      7 
      8.3       Accounts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .      8 

</TABLE>

                                                   i
<PAGE>   3
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
                                                                          
================================================================================

<TABLE>
<S>             <C>                                                                                <C>
ARTICLE 9       Insurance Policies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        8

      9.1       Policies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        8
      9.2       Documents Required by Insurer  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        8

ARTICLE 10      Administration . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        8

      10.1      Committee Duties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        8 
      10.2      Agents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        9
      10.3      Binding Effect of Decisions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        9
      10.4      Indemnity of Committee . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        9 
      10.5      Employer Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        9

ARTICLE 11      Claims Procedures  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        9

      11.1      Presentation of Claim  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        9 
      11.2      Notification of Decision . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .        9 
      11.3      Review of Denied Claim . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       10
      11.4      Decision on Review . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       10 
      11.5      Legal Action . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       10

ARTICLE 12      Miscellaneous  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       10

      12.1      Unsecured General Creditor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       10 
      12.2      Employer's Liability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       10 
      12.3      Nonassignability . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       11 
      12.4      Not a Contract of Employment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       11 
      12.5      Furnishing Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       11 
      12.6      Terms  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       11 
      12.7      Captions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       11
      12.8      Governing Law  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       11
      12.9      Validity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       11 
      12.10     Notice . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       11
      12.11     Successors . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       12 
      12.12     Spouse's Interest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       12 
      12.13     Incompetent  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       12 
      12.14     Distribution in the Event of Taxation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .       12

</TABLE>



                                                     ii
<PAGE>   4
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
                                                                            
================================================================================


                          WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION

                              EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN


                             EFFECTIVE MAY 16, 1994

                                    PURPOSE

The purpose of this Plan is to provide specified benefits to a select group of
management and highly compensated employees who may contribute materially to
the continued growth, development and future business success of Western
Digital Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries. The Plan is
intended to constitute a bonus arrangement and fall outside the scope and
jurisdiction of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

                                   ARTICLE 1
                                  DEFINITIONS

For purposes hereof, unless otherwise clearly apparent from the context, the
following phrases or term shall have the following indicated meaning:

1.1      "Beneficiary" shall mean one or more persons, trusts, estates or other
         entities, designated in accordance with Article 5 below, that are
         entitled to receive benefits under this Plan upon the death of a
         Participant.

1.2      "Beneficiary Designation Form" shall mean the form established from
         time to time by the Committee that a Participant completes, signs and
         returns to the Committee to designate one or more Beneficiaries and
         attached hereto as Exhibit A.

1.3      "Board" shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company.

1.4      "Change of Control" means and shall be deemed to occur if any of the
         following events occur:

         (a)     Any Person (other than an Exempt Person), alone or together
                 with its Affiliates and Associates, including any group of
                 Persons which is deemed a "person" under Section 13(d) (3) of
                 the Exchange Act, becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly or
                 indirectly, of thirty-three and one-third percent or more of:

                 (i)    the then-outstanding shares of the Company's common 
                        stock or

                 (ii)   securities representing thirty-three and one-third
                        percent or more of the combined voting power of the
                        Company's then outstanding voting securities;

         (b)     A change, during any period of two consecutive years, of a
                 majority of the Board of the Company as constituted as of the
                 beginning of such period, unless the election, or nomination
                 for election by the Company's stockholders, of each director
                 who was not a director at the beginning of such period was
                 approved by vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent
                 Directors then in office (for purposes hereof, "Incubent
                 Directors" shall consist of the directors holding office as of
                 the effective date of this Plan and any person becoming a
                 director subsequent to such 




                                       1
<PAGE>   5
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
                                                                            
================================================================================

                 date whose election, or nomination for election by the         
                 Company's stockholders, is approved by a vote of at least a
                 majority of the Incumbent Directors then in office);

         (c)     Consummation of any merger, consolidation, reorganization or
                 other extraordinary transactions (or series of related
                 transactions) involving the Company which results in the
                 stockholders of the Company having power to vote in the
                 ordinary election of directors immediately prior to such
                 transaction (or series of related transactions) failing to
                 beneficially own at least a majority of the securities of the
                 Company having the power to vote in the ordinary election of
                 directors which are outstanding after giving effect to such
                 transaction (or series of related transactions); or

         (d)     The stockholders of the Company approve a plan of complete
                 liquidation of the Company or the sale of substantially all of
                 the assets of the Company.

         (e)     Substantially all of the assets of the Company are sold or
                 otherwise transferred to parties that are not within a
                 "controlled group of corporations" (as defined in Section 1563
                 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) in which the
                 Company is a member,

         (f)     The Company or any other Employer voluntarily files a petition
                 for bankruptcy under federal bankruptcy law, or an involuntary
                 bankruptcy petition is filed against any Employer under
                 federal bankruptcy law, which involuntary petition is not
                 dismissed within 120 days of the filing;

         (g)     The Company or any other Employer makes a general assignment
                 for the benefit of creditors; or

         (h)     The Company or any other Employer seeks or consents to the
                 appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator or similar 
                 person.

                 With respect to Sections 1.6(f), (g) and (h) above, if the
                 event described occurs only with respect to one or more
                 Employers (other than the Company) and not to the Company,
                 such event shall be a "Change in Control" only with respect to
                 the Participants of that Employer or those Employers.

1.5      "Change in Control Benefit" shall mean the benefit set forth in
         Section 4.1 below.

1.6      "Claimant" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11.1 below.

1.7      "Code" shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from
         time to time.

1.8      "Committee" shall mean the administrative committee appointed to
         manage and administer the Plan in accordance with the provisions of
         Article 10 below.

1.9      "Company" shall mean Western Digital Corporation, a Delaware
         corporation.

1.10     "Disability" shall mean a period of disability during which a
         Participant qualifies for benefits under the Participant's Employer's
         long-term disability plan (if the Participant participates in such a
         plan), or, if a Participant does not participate in such a plan, a
         period of disability during which the Participant would have qualified
         for benefits under the Employer's long-term disability plan had the
         Participant been a participant in such a plan (determined in the sole
         discretion of the Committee), or, if there is no such plan, as
         determined in the sole discretion of the Committee.





                                       2
<PAGE>   6
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
                                                                            
================================================================================

1.11     "Employer" shall mean the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries that
         have been selected by the Board to participate in the Plan.

1.12     "Employer Benefit" shall mean the benefit set forth in Section 4.2
         below.

1.13     "Forfeiture" shall mean a forfeiture of a Participant's rights to
         benefits under this Plan as set forth in Section 3.2 below.

1.14     "Insurer" shall mean the insurance company or companies that issue one
         or more Policies.

1.15     "Participant" shall mean any employee of an employer

         (a)     who is selected to participate in the Plan,

         (b)     who elects to participate in the Plan,

         (c)     who signs a Plan Agreement and a Beneficiary Designation Form,

         (d)     whose signed Plan Agreement and Beneficiary Designation Form
                 are accepted by the Committee, and

         (e)     whose Plan Agreement has not terminated.

1.16     "Participant's Account" shall mean an account established in
         accordance with Section 8.3(a)(i) below.

1.17     "Plan" shall mean the Western Digital Executive Bonus Plan, which is
         defined by this instrument and by each Plan Agreement, all as may be
         amended from time to time.

1.18     "Plan Agreement" shall mean a written agreement, as may be amended
         from time to time, which is entered into by and between an Employer
         and a Participant.  Each Plan Agreement executed by a Participant
         shall provide for the entire benefit to which such Participant is
         entitled to under the Plan, and the Plan Agreement bearing the latest
         date of acceptance by the Committee shall govern such entitlement.

1.19     "Plan Year" shall, for the first Plan Year, begin on May 16, 1994, and
         end on December 31, 1994. For each Plan Year thereafter, the Plan Year
         shall begin on January 1 of each year and continue through December 31
         of that year.

1.20     "Policy" or "Policies" shall mean the policy or policies issued in the
         name of the Trustee in accordance with the terms and conditions of
         this Plan and each respective Plan Agreement.

1.21     "Retirement," "Retires" or "Retired" shall mean a Participant ceasing
         to be employed by all Employers for any reason other than death,
         Disability or Termination of Employment on or after a Participant
         attains the age of sixty-two (62).

1.22     "Termination of Employment" shall mean the ceasing of employment with
         all Employers, voluntarily or involuntarily, for any reason other than
         Retirement, Disability or death.

1.23     "Trust" shall mean the trust established pursuant to that certain
         Trust Agreement, dated as of May 16, 1994, between the Company and the
         Trustee, as may be amended from time to time.





                                       3
<PAGE>   7
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
                                                                            
================================================================================

1.24     "Trustee" shall mean the trustee named in the Trust and any successor
         trustee.

1.25     "Vesting Date" shall mean the date upon which a Participant becomes
         100% vested in his or her Change in Control Benefit in accordance with
         Section 3.1 below.

1.26     "Western DCP" shall mean the Western Digital Corporation Deferred
         Compensation Plan as in effect from time to time.

                                   ARTICLE 2
                     SELECTION, ENROLLMENT AND ELIGIBILITY

2.1      SELECTION BY COMMITTEE. Participation in the Plan shall be limited to
         a select group of management and highly compensated employees of the
         Employers. From that group, the Committee shall select, in its sole
         discretion, employees to participate in the Plan.

2.2      ENROLLMENT REQUIREMENTS. As a condition to participation, each
         selected employee shall complete, execute and return to the Committee
         a Plan Agreement and a Beneficiary Designation Form. In addition, the
         Committee, in its sole discretion, shall establish from time to time
         such other enrollment requirements as it determines are necessary.

2.3      ELIGIBILITY; COMMENCEMENT OF PARTICIPATION. Provided an employee
         selected to participate in the Plan has met all enrollment
         requirements set forth in this Plan and required by the Committee,
         that employee shall commence participation in the Plan on the date
         specified by the Committee. If a selected employee fails to meet all
         such requirements prior to that date, that employee shall not be
         eligible to participate in the Plan until the completion of those
         requirements.

                                   ARTICLE 3
                            VESTING; ACCOUNT BALANCE

3.1      VESTING IN CHANGE IN CONTROL BENEFIT.   Subject to Section 3 2 below:

         (a)     General Rule. If a Participant has not Retired, died, suffered
                 a Disability, experienced a Termination of Employment, or
                 received a complete withdrawal from the Western DCP that
                 permanently ends his participation in such plan prior to 90
                 days prior to a Change in Control, the Participant shall
                 become 100% vested in his or her Change in Control Benefit on
                 January 1 of the Plan Year following the Change in Control
                 (the "Vesting Date").

         (b)     Early Vesting. If at any time on or after 90 days prior to a
                 Change in Control and prior to the Vesting Date a Participant
                 Retires, dies, suffers a Disability or experiences an
                 involuntarily termination of employment with all Employers,
                 the Participant (or the Participant's Beneficiary in the event
                 of the Participant's death) shall become 100% vested in his or
                 her Change in Control Benefit on the later of

                 (i)      the date of the Change in Control or

                 (ii)     the date of such Retirement, death, Disability or
                          involuntary termination of employment, and such date
                          (rather than January 1 of the following Plan Year)
                          shall be considered the "Vesting Date" for purposes
                          of this Plan.





                                       4
<PAGE>   8
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
                                                                           
================================================================================

3.2      FORFEITURE. Notwithstanding Section 3.1 above, a Participant shall
         forfeit rights to benefits under this Plan in accordance with this
         Section 3.2.

         (a)     A Participant shall forfeit any right to benefits under this 
                 Plan if he or she:

                 (i)      Retires, dies, suffers a Disability, experiences a
                          Termination of Employment or receives a complete
                          withdrawal from the Western DCP that permanently ends
                          his participation in such plan prior to 90 days prior
                          to a Change in Control; or

                 (ii)     Voluntarily terminates his or her employment (other
                          than by Retirement or Disability) with all of his
                          Employers or withdraws all of his interest in the
                          Western DCP thereby ending his participation in such
                          plan at any time on or after the date of the Change
                          in Control and prior to January 1 of the Plan Year
                          following a Change in Control.

         (b)     A Participant receiving a Short Payout or other partial
                 distribution from the Western DCP before his Vesting Date
                 described in Section 3.1 (a) hereof shall forfeit a portion of
                 his Change in Control Benefit which bears the same proportion
                 to all of such benefit as the partial distribution bears to
                 his total interest in the Western DCP.

3.3      ACCOUNT BALANCE. Within 45 days of the end of each Plan Year, each
         Participant shall receive a statement setting forth the balance of his
         or her Participant's account as of the end of that Plan Year.

                                   ARTICLE 4
                                    BENEFITS

4.1      CHANGE IN CONTROL BENEFIT.

         (a)     Eligibility. On the Vesting Date, the Participant or the
                 Participant's Beneficiary, as the case may be, shall become
                 entitled to the "Change in Control Benefit" described in
                 Section 4.1(b).

         (b)     Benefit and Payment. The "Change in Control Benefit" shall be
                 a dollar amount that is equal to the fair market value of the
                 assets allocated to and held in the Participant's Account as
                 of the Vesting Date. This benefit shall be paid to the
                 Participant, or his or her Beneficiary, within 90 days of the
                 Vesting Date.

4.2      EMPLOYER BENEFIT.

         (a)     Eligibility. The Participant's Employer shall be entitled to
                 the Employer Benefit if and to the extent a Participant
                 forfeits his Change in Control Benefit under Section 3.2
                 hereof.

         (b)     Benefit and Payment.  The "Employer Benefit" shall be a
                 distribution of the forfeited assets allocated to and held in
                 the Participant's Account as of the date of the event
                 described in Section 3.2 above after taking into account any
                 distributions made or to be made in accordance with Section
                 4.1 above, plus any earnings allocated to that account from
                 that date to the date of payment of the Employer Benefit. This
                 benefit shall be paid to the Participant's Employer within 120
                 days of January 1 of the Plan Year following that event.





                                       5
<PAGE>   9
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
================================================================================
                                                                            
4.3      WITHHOLDING AND PAYROLL TAXES. The Trustee shall withhold from any and
         all benefit payments made under this Article 4, all federal, state and
         local income, employment and other taxes required to be withheld in
         connection with the payment of benefits hereunder, in amounts to be
         determined in the sole discretion of the Participant's Employer.

                                   ARTICLE 5
                                  BENEFICIARY

5.1      BENEFICIARY. Each Participant shall have the right, at any time, to
         designate his or her Beneficiary (both primary as well as contingent)
         to receive any benefits payable under the Plan to a Beneficiary upon
         the death of a Participant.

5.2      BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION; CHANGE: SPOUSAL CONSENT. A Participant shall
         designate his or her Beneficiary by completing and signing the
         Beneficiary Designation Form, and returning it to the Committee or its
         designated agent. A Participant shall have the right to change a
         Beneficiary by completing, signing and otherwise complying with the
         terms of the Beneficiary Designation Form and the Committee's rules
         and procedures, as in effect from time to time. If the Participant
         names someone other than his or her spouse as a Beneficiary, a spousal
         consent, in the form designated by the Committee, must be signed by
         that Participant's spouse and returned to the Committee.  Upon the
         acceptance by the Committee of a new Beneficiary Designation Form, all
         Beneficiary designations previously filed shall be canceled. The
         Committee shall be entitled to rely on the last Beneficiary
         Designation Form filed by the Participant and accepted by the
         Committee before his or her death.

5.3      ACKNOWLEDGMENT. No designation or change in designation of a
         Beneficiary shall be effective until received, accepted and
         acknowledged in writing by the Committee or its designated agent.

5.4      NO BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION. If a Participant fails to designate a
         Beneficiary as provided in Sections 5.1, 5.2 and 5.3 above or, if all
         designated Beneficiaries predecease the Participant or die prior to
         complete distribution of the Participant's benefits, then the
         Participant's designated Beneficiary shall be deemed to be his or her
         surviving spouse. If the Participant has no surviving spouse, the
         benefits remaining under the Plan to be paid to a Beneficiary shall be
         payable to the executor or personal representative of the
         Participant's estate.

5.5      DOUBT AS TO BENEFICIARY. If the Committee has any doubt as to the
         proper Beneficiary to receive payments pursuant to this Plan, the
         Committee shall have the right, exercisable in its discretion, before
         a Change in Control, to cause the Trustee to withhold such payments
         until this matter is resolved to the Committee's satisfaction.

5.6      DISCHARGE OF OBLIGATIONS. The payment of benefits under the Plan to a
         Beneficiary shall fully and completely discharge all Employers and the
         Committee from all further obligations under this Plan with respect to
         the Participant, and the Participant's Plan Agreement shall terminate
         upon such full payment of benefits.

                                   ARTICLE 6
               TERMINATION, AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION OF THE PLAN

6.1      TERMINATION, AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION PRIOR TO ONE YEAR BEFORE CHANGE
         IN CONTROL. Prior to one year before a Change in Control, each
         Employer reserves the right to terminate, amend or modify the Plan or
         any related Plan Agreement, in whole or in part, with respect to
         Participants whose services 





                                       6
<PAGE>   10
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
================================================================================

         are retained by the Employer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
         termination, amendment or modification shall be effective to decrease
         or reduce a Participant's potential benefits under this Plan below the
         balance in his or her Participant's Account as of the effective date of
         the termination, amendment or modification.  

6.2      TERMINATION, AMENDMENT OR MODIFICATION WITHIN ONE YEAR BEFORE CHANGE
         OF CONTROL OR FOLLOWING CHANGE IN CONTROL. Within one year before a
         Change in Control and thereafter, neither the Company, any subsidiary
         of the Company nor any corporation, trust or other person that
         succeeds to all or any substantial portion of the assets of the
         Company shall have the right to terminate, amend or modify the Plan
         and/or any Plan Agreement in effect prior to such Change in Control,
         and all benefits under the Plan and any such Plan Agreement shall
         thereafter be paid in accordance with the terms of the Plan and such
         Plan Agreement, as in effect immediately prior to such Change in
         Control. If the Plan is terminated, amended, or modified within one
         year before the Change in Control, such termination, amendment or
         modification shall be considered void as of the date of the
         termination, amendment or modification. Any provision of this Plan or
         any Plan Agreement to the contrary shall be construed in accordance
         with this Section 6.2(a).

6.3      TERMINATION OF PLAN AGREEMENT. Absent the earlier termination,
         modification or amendment of the Plan, or a Participant's Forfeiture
         of his or her benefits under this Plan, the Plan Agreement of any
         Participant shall terminate upon the full payment of the applicable
         benefit provided under Article 4.

                                   ARTICLE 7
                         OTHER BENEFITS AND AGREEMENTS

7.1      COORDINATION WITH OTHER BENEFITS. The benefits provided for a
         Participant and Participant's Beneficiary under the Plan are in
         addition to any other benefits available to such Participant under any
         other plan or program for employees. The Plan shall supplement and
         shall not supersede, modify or amend any other such plan or program
         except as may otherwise be expressly provided.

                                   ARTICLE 8
                                     TRUST

8.1      ESTABLISHMENT OF THE TRUST; PREMIUMS. The Employers shall establish
         the Trust and shall at least annually transfer over to the Trust such
         assets as the Committee determines, prior to a Change in Control, or
         the Trustee determines, after a Change in Control, are necessary to
         provide for the Employers' future liabilities created with respect to
         the benefits provided under the Plan and the Plan Agreements,
         including, without limitation, the payment of insurance premiums in
         amounts sufficient to acquire and maintain all Policies held by the
         Trustee. At the direction of the Committee, prior to a Change in
         Control, or the Trustee, after a Change in Control, the Employers
         shall pay any and all Policy premiums and other costs directly to the
         Insurer. In addition, if the Trust incurs any tax liability, the
         Employers shall contribute to the Trust sufficient funds to allow the
         Trustee to pay any such tax liability.

8.2      INTERRELATIONSHIP OF THE PLAN AND THE TRUST. The provisions of the
         Plan and each Plan Agreement shall govern the rights of a Participant
         to receive distributions pursuant to the Plan. The provisions of the
         Trust shall govern the rights of the Trustee, Participant and a
         Participant's Beneficiary as to the assets of the Trust. The Employers
         shall at all times remain liable to carry out their obligations under
         the Plan. The Employers and the Trustee shall cooperate with each
         other as is necessary to minimize the Trust's tax liability.





                                       7
<PAGE>   11
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
================================================================================

8.3      ACCOUNTS.

         (a)     The Trustee shall establish and maintain the following separate
                 accounts:

                 (i)      A "Participant's Account" for each Participant to
                          which the Employers' contributions, or a portion
                          thereof, and earnings thereon shall be allocated to
                          and held, the assets of which are to be used to pay
                          the Change in Control Benefit or the Employer Benefit
                          in accordance with this Plan and the Trust; and

                 (ii)     An "Administrative Account" for the administrative
                          expenses of the Trust to which a portion of the
                          Employers' contributions and earnings thereon may be
                          allocated to and held, the assets of which are to be
                          used to pay the administrative expenses, including
                          all taxes, of the Trust in accordance with the terms
                          and provisions of this Plan and the Trust.

         (b)     Prior to a Change in Control, the Committee shall direct the
                 Trustee in writing as to:

                 (i)      the allocation of the Employers' contributions to the
                          accounts described in Section 8.3(a) above, and

                 (ii)     the amounts of the earnings on the Employer's
                          contributions held in the accounts described in
                          Section 8.3(a) above.  After a Change in Control, the
                          Trustee shall make such allocations in accordance
                          with the terms of the Plan and the Trust.
                          Notwithstanding the foregoing, and except for a
                          payment of benefits in accordance with Article 4 or a
                          Forfeiture of benefits, a Participant's Account
                          balance shall not be reduced.

         (c)     Each of the accounts described in Section 8.3(a) above shall
                 qualify for and be treated as separate shares under Code
                 Section 663(c).

                                   ARTICLE 9
                               INSURANCE POLICIES

9.1      POLICIES. The Committee may direct the Trustee in writing to acquire
         one or more Policies in the Trustee's name. The Trustee shall be the
         sole and absolute owner and beneficiary of each Policy, with all
         rights of an owner and beneficiary, including without limitation, the
         right to surrender Policies for their cash surrender values and to
         take one or more loans against one or more Policies.  Notwithstanding
         the foregoing, the trustee shall exercise its ownership rights in each
         Policy only in accordance with the terms of this Plan, the respective
         Plan Agreements and the Trust.

9.2      DOCUMENTS REQUIRED BY INSURER. The Trustee, the Participant's Employer
         and the Participant shall sign such documents and provide such
         information as may be required from time to time by the Insurer.

                                   ARTICLE 10
                                 ADMINISTRATION

10.1     COMMITTEE DUTIES. This Plan shall be administered by a Committee which
         shall consist of persons approved by the Board. Members of the
         Committee may be Participants under this Plan. The Committee shall
         also have the discretion and authority to make, mend, interpret, and
         enforce all appropriate rules 





                                       8
<PAGE>   12
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION 
Executive Bonus Plan 
Master Plan Document

================================================================================

         and regulations for the administration of this Plan and decide or
         resolve any and all questions including interpretations of this Plan,
         as may arise in connection with the Plan.                         

10.2     AGENTS. In the administration of this Plan, the Committee may, from
         time to time, employ agents and delegate to them such administrative
         duties as it sees fit and may from time to time consult with counsel
         who may be counsel to any Employer.

10.3     BINDING EFFECT OF DECISIONS. The decision or action of the Committee
         with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the
         administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and the
         rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final and
         conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the
         Plan.

10.4     INDEMNITY OF COMMITTEE. All Employers shall indemnify and hold
         harmless the members of the Committee against any and all claims,
         losses, damages, expenses or liabilities arising from any action or
         failure to act with respect to this Plan, except in the case of
         willful misconduct by the Committee or any of its members.

10.5     EMPLOYER INFORMATION. To enable the Committee to perform its
         functions, each Employer shall supply full and timely information to
         the Committee on all matters relating to the compensation of its
         Participants, the date and circumstances of the Retirement,
         Disability, death or Termination of Employment of its Participants,
         and such other pertinent information as the Committee may reasonably
         require.

                                   ARTICLE 11
                               CLAIMS PROCEDURES

11.1     PRESENTATION OF CLAIM. Any Participant or Beneficiary of a deceased
         Participant (such Participant or Beneficiary being referred to below
         as a "Claimant") may deliver to the Committee a written claim for a
         determination with respect to the amounts distributable to such
         Claimant from the Plan. If such a claim relates to  the contents of a
         notice received by the Claimant, the claim must be made within 60 days
         after such notice was received by the Claimant. All other claims must
         be made within 180 days of the date on which the event that caused the
         claim to arise occurred. The claim must state with particularity the
         determination desired by the Claimant.

11.2     NOTIFICATION OF DECISION. The Committee shall consider a Claimant's
         claim within 60 days of receipt of that claim, and shall notify the
         Claimant in writing:

         (a)     that the Claimant's requested determination has been made, and
                 that the claim has been allowed in full; or

         (b)     that the Committee has reached a conclusion contrary, in whole
                 or in part, to the Claimant's requested determination, and
                 such notice must set forth in a manner calculated to be
                 understood by the Claimant:

                 (i)      the specific reason(s) for the denial of the claim,
                          or any part of it;

                 (ii)     the specific reference(s) to pertinent provisions of
                          the Plan upon which such denial was based:





                                       9
<PAGE>   13
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
                                                                           
================================================================================

                 (iii)    a description of any additional material or
                          information necessary for the Claimant to perfect the
                          claim, and an explanation of why such material or
                          information is necessary; and

                 (iv)     an explanation of the claim review procedure set
                          forth in Section 11.3 below.

11.3     REVIEW OF A DENIED CLAIM. Within 60 days after receiving a notice from
         the Committee that a claim has been denied, in whole or in part, a
         Claimant (or the Claimant's only authorized representative) may file
         with the Committee a written request for a review of the denial of the
         claim. Thereafter, but not later than 30 days after the review
         procedure began, the Claimant (or the Claimant's duly authorized
         representative):

         (a)     may review pertinent documents;

         (b)     may submit written comments or other documents; and/or

         (c)     may request a hearing, which the Committee, in its sole 
                 discretion, may grant.

11.4     DECISION ON REVIEW. The Committee shall render its decision on review
         promptly, and not later than 60 days after the filing of a written
         request for review of the denial, unless a hearing is held or other
         special circumstances require additional time, in which case the
         Committee's decision must be rendered within 120 days after such date.
         Such decision must be written in a manner calculated to be understood
         by the Claimant, and it must contain:

         (a)     specific reasons for the decision;

         (b)     specific reference(s) to the pertinent Plan provisions upon
                 which the decision was based; and

         (c)     such other matters as the Committee deems relevant.

11.5     LEGAL ACTION. A Claimant's compliance with the foregoing provisions of
         this  Article 11 is a mandatory prerequisite to a Claimant's right to
         commence any legal action with respect to any claim for benefits under
         this Plan.

                                   ARTICLE 12
                                 MISCELLANEOUS

12.1     UNSECURED GENERAL CREDITOR. Participants and their Beneficiaries,
         heirs, successors and assigns shall have no legal or equitable rights,
         interest or claims in any property or assets of an Employer. Any and
         all of an Employer's assets shall be, and remain, the general,
         unpledged and unrestricted assets of the  Employer. An Employer's
         obligation under the Plan shall be merely that of an unfunded and
         unsecured promise to pay money in the future.

12.2     EMPLOYER'S LIABILITY. An Employer's liability for the payment of
         benefits shall be defined only by the Plan and the Plan Agreement, as
         entered into between the Employer and a Participant. An Employer shall
         have no obligation to a Participant under the Plan except as expressly
         provided in the Plan and his or her Plan Agreement.





                                       10
<PAGE>   14
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
                                                                          
================================================================================

12.3     NONASSIGNABILITY. Neither a Participant nor any other person shall
         have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate,
         mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey in
         advance of actual receipt, the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or
         any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are expressly
         declared to be unassignable and non-transferable, except that the
         foregoing shall not apply to any family support obligations set forth
         in a court order. No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to
         actual payment, be subject to seizure or sequestration for the payment
         of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance owed by a
         Participant or any other person, nor be transferable by operation of
         law in the event of a Participant's or any other person's bankruptcy
         or insolvency.

12.4     NOT A CONTRACT OF EMPLOYMENT. The terms and condition of this Plan
         shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any
         Employer and the Participant. Such employment is hereby acknowledged
         to be an "at will" employment relationship that can be terminated at
         any time for any reason, with or without cause, unless expressly
         provided in a written employment agreement. Nothing in this Plan shall
         be deemed to give a Participant the right to be employed in the
         service of any Employer, or to interfere with the right of any
         employer to discipline or discharge the Participant at any time.

12.5     FURNISHING INFORMATION. A Participant will cooperate with the
         Committee by furnishing any and all information requested by the
         Committee and take such other actions as may be requested in order to
         facilitate the administration of the Plan and the payments of benefits
         hereunder, including but not limited to taking such physical
         examinations as the Committee may deem necessary.

12.6     TERMS. Whenever any words are used herein in the singular or in the
         plural, they shall be construed as though they were used in the plural
         or the singular, as the case may be, in all cases where they would so
         apply.

12.7     CAPTIONS. The captions of the articles, sections and paragraphs of
         this Plan are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the
         meaning or construction of any of its provisions.

12.8     GOVERNING LAW. The provisions of this Plan shall be construed and
         interpreted according to the laws of the State of California.

12.9     VALIDITY. In case any provision of this Plan shall be illegal or
         invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect
         the remaining parts hereof, but  this plan shall be construed and
         enforced as if such illegal and invalid provision had never been
         inserted herein.

12.10    NOTICE. Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to the
         Committee under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and
         hand-delivered, or sent by registered or certified mail, to the
         address below:

                          Deferred Compensation Plan Committee
                          Western Digital Corporation
                          8105 Irvine Center Drive
                          Irvine, California  92718

         Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if
         delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the
         receipt for registration or certification.

         Any notice or filing required or permitted to be given to a
         Participant under this Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and
         hand-delivered, or sent by mail, to the last known address of the
         Participant.





                                       11
<PAGE>   15
WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
Executive Bonus Plan
Master Plan Document
                                                                         
================================================================================

12.11    SUCCESSORS. The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the
         benefit of the Participant's Employer and its successors and assigns
         and the Participant, the Participant's Beneficiaries, and their
         permitted successors and assigns.

12.12    SPOUSE'S INTEREST. The interest in the benefits hereunder of a spouse
         of a Participant who has predeceased the Participant shall
         automatically pass to the Participant and shall not be transferable by
         such spouse in any manner, including but not limited to such spouse's
         will, nor shall such interest pass under the laws of intestate
         succession.

12.13    INCOMPETENT. If the Committee determines in its discretion that a
         benefit under this Plan is to be paid to a minor, a person declared
         incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of
         that person's property, the Committee may direct payment of such
         benefit to the guardian, legal representative or person having the
         care and custody of such minor, incompetent or incapable person. The
         Committee may require proof of minority, incompetency, incapacity or
         guardianship, as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution of the
         benefit. Any payment of a benefit shall be a payment for the account
         of the Participant and the  Participant's Beneficiary, as the case may
         be, and shall be a complete discharge of any liability under the Plan
         for such payment amount.

12.14    DISTRIBUTION IN THE EVENT OF TAXATION. If, for any reason, all or any
         portion of  a Participant's benefit under this Plan becomes taxable to
         the Participant prior to the Vesting Date, a Participant may petition
         the Committee, if prior to a Change in Control, or the Trustee, after
         a Change in Control, for a distribution of assets sufficient to meet
         the Participant's tax liability (including additions to tax, penalties
         and interest). Upon the grant of such a petition, which grant shall
         not be unreasonably withheld, the Trustee shall distribute to the
         Participant from the Trust immediately available funds in an amount
         equal to that Participant's federal, state and local tax liability
         associated with such taxation, which liability shall be measured by
         using that Participant's then current highest federal, state and local
         marginal tax rate, plus the rates or amounts for the applicable
         additions to tax, penalties and interest. If the petition is granted,
         the tax liability distribution shall be made within 90 days of the
         date when the Participant's petition is granted.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Company has signed this Plan document as of
May 1, 1994.


                                     WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION,
                                     a Delaware corporation

                                     By:         ROBERT L. ERICKSON
                                         ------------------------------------
                                     Officer's Name:    Robert L. Erickson
                                                     ------------------------



                                       12
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.12
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>EXTENDED SERVICE PLAN OF THE REGISTRANT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1





                                                                 Exhibit 10.12





                          WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION

                            EXTENDED SEVERANCE PLAN
<PAGE>   2





                               Table of Contents


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                                                         Page
                                                                                         ----
                 <S>                                                                  <C>
                 ARTICLE 1 - ESTABLISHMENT, PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE                    1

                          1.1              Establishment                                  1
                          1.2              Purpose                                        1
                          1.3              Effective Date                                 1


                 ARTICLE 2 - DEFINITIONS                                                  1

                          2.1              Acquiring Person                               1
                          2.2              Affiliate and Associate                        2
                          2.3              Amendment Period                               2
                          2.4              Base Salary                                    2
                          2.5              Beneficial Ownership                           2
                          2.6              Board                                          2
                          2.7              Cause                                          2
                          2.8              Change of Control                              3
                          2.9              Change of Control Date                         3
                          2.10             Code                                           3
                          2.11             Committee                                      3
                          2.12             Company                                        4
                          2.13             Constructive Termination                       4
                          2.14             Disinterested Person                           4
                          2.15             Domestic Employee                              4
                          2.16             Employment                                     4
                          2.17             ERISA                                          4
                          2.18             Exchange Act                                   4
                          2.19             Exempt Person                                  5
                          2.20             Extended Period                                5
                          2.21             Foreign Employee                               5
                          2.22             Initial Period                                 5
                          2.23             Key Employee                                   5
                          2.24             Officer                                        5
                          2.25             Participant                                    5
                          2.26             Person                                         5
                          2.27             Plan                                           5
                          2.28             Severance Benefits                             5
                          2.29             Severance Payment                              5
                          2.30             Severance Period                               6
                          2.31             Subsidiary                                     6
                          2.32             Term                                           6
                          2.33             Other Definitions                              6
</TABLE>





                                       i
<PAGE>   3





                               Table of Contents
                                  (Continued)


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>                                                                               Page
                                                                                        ---- 
                 <S>                                                                  <C>
                 ARTICLE 3 - ADMINISTRATION AND PARTICIPATION                              6

                          3.1              Administration of the Plan                      6
                          3.2              Participation in the Plan                       7
                          3.3              Ineligible Employees                            7
                          3.4              Claim Procedure                                 8
                          3.5              Appeal Procedure                                8
                          3.6              Additional Information                          8
                          3.7              Statement of ERISA Rights                       9


                 ARTICLE 4 - SEVERANCE PAYMENTS AND SEVERANCE BENEFITS                     10

                          4.1              Right to a Severance Payment and Severance
                                           Benefits                                        10
                          4.2              Termination for Cause                           10
                          4.3              Constructive Termination                        10
                          4.4              Severance Payment                               11
                          4.5              Severance Benefits                              12
                          4.6              Termination of Employment in Anticipation
                                           of a Change of Control                          13
                          4.7              Mitigation and Offset                           13
                          4.8              Section 280G Limitation                         14
                          4.9              Source of Payments                              14
                          4.10             Other Plans and Agreements                      14


                 ARTICLE 5 - GENERAL PROVISIONS                                            14

                          5.1              Successors and Assigns                          14
                          5.2              No Other Rights                                 15
                          5.3              Governing Laws; Enforcement of the Plan         15
                          5.4              Amendment and Termination of the Plan           15
</TABLE>





                                      ii
<PAGE>   4


                         WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION

                           EXTENDED SEVERANCE PLAN


                                  ARTICLE 1
                  ESTABLISHMENT, PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE
                                      
    1.1   Establishment.  Western Digital Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (the "Company"), hereby establishes and adopts the Western Digital
Corporation Extended Severance Plan (the "Plan").

    1.2   Purpose.  The Board of Directors of the Company has
determined it to be in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders
to assure to the extent practicable the continued dedication and services of
those persons covered by this Plan in light of the possibility, threat or
occurrence of a "Change of Control" (as defined herein).  The Company
believes that this objective will be served by alleviating certain of the 
financial risks and uncertainties regarding employment status, both for
existing and prospective employees, that are created by a pending or
threatened Change of Control.  Accordingly, this Plan provides for certain
compensation arrangements for covered persons under certain prescribed
circumstances in the event of termination of employment following or in
connection with a Change of Control.  The Company believes that the
benefits provided by this Plan are reasonable and competitive with other 
corporations.  Unless earlier terminated or extended by the Board, this Plan
shall terminate on January 17, 2000.

    1.3   Effective Date.  The effective date of the Plan is January 18,
1990.


                                  ARTICLE 2
                                 DEFINITIONS
                                      
    For purposes of the Plan, each of the following terms defined in 
this Article 2 shall have its defined meaning wherever used herein:

    2.1   Acquiring Person.   "Acquiring Person" means any Person,
including such Person's Affiliates and Associates and including a group of
Persons which is deemed a "person" under Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange 
Act, who has initiated or consummated any transaction or series of
transactions which are intended to result in, will result in, or have
resulted in a Change of Control, provided that an "Acquiring Person" shall
not include the Company, any Subsidiary, any employee benefit plan of the
Company or of any Subsidiary or any Person organized,

                   1
<PAGE>   5

appointed or established by the Company or any Subsidiary for or
pursuant to the terms of any such plan.

    2.2   Affiliate and Associate.  "Affiliate" and "Associate", when
used with reference to any Person, have the meanings given to such terms in
Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act.

    2.3   Amendment Period.  "Amendment Period" has the meaning set
forth in Section 5.4 hereof.

    2.4   Base Salary.  "Base Salary" means, with respect to any 
Participant and as of any date specified herein:

    (a)  The Participant's primary salary or wages (excluding bonuses) 
with respect to any period of time specified herein, plus the sum of the
following amounts with respect to any period of time specified herein;

    (b)   Amounts elected as, or deemed to be, cash, property or 
other taxable benefits or non-taxable benefits under any plan established by
the Company or any Subsidiary under Section 125 of the Code; and

    (c)   Amounts, excluding the Company's or any Subsidiary's 
matching deferral contributions, otherwise payable to the Participant as
primary salary or wages but the receipt of which the Participant has 
elected to defer under any profit-sharing plan, salary deferral plan or 
other deferral arrangement established by the Company or any Subsidiary, 
whether or not qualified under Section 401(k) of the Code.

    2.5   Beneficial Ownership.  A Person's "Beneficial Ownership" 
of securities shall be determined in accordance with, and a Person shall be 
deemed the "Beneficial Owner" in accordance with, the rules and regulations, 
including Rule 13d-3, promulgated by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission in connection with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act; provided 
that no Person engaged in business as an underwriter of securities shall
be deemed for purposes of this Plan as the Beneficial Owner of any securities
acquired through such Person's participation in good faith in a firm
commitment underwriting until the expiration of forty days after the date of
such acquisition.

    2.6   Board.  "Board" means the Board of Directors of the Company.

    2.7   Cause.  "Cause has the meaning set forth in Section 4.2
hereof.

                                      2
<PAGE>   6

        2.8   Change of Control.  "Change of Control" means and shall be
deemed to occur if any of the following events occur: (a) any Person 
(other than an Exempt Person), alone or together with its Affiliates and
Associates, including any group of Persons which is deemed a "person" under
Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act, becomes the Beneficial Owner, directly
or indirectly, of thirty-three and one-third percent or more of (i) the
then-outstanding shares of the Company's common stock or (ii) securities
representing thirty-three and one-third percent or more of the combined 
voting power of the Company's then-outstanding voting securities; (b) a
change, during any period of two consecutive years, of a majority of the 
Board of the Company as constituted as of the beginning of such period,
unless the election, or nomination for election by the Company's
stockholders, of each director who was not a director at the beginning of
such period was approved by vote of at least two-thirds of the Incumbent 
Directors then in office (for purposes hereof, "Incumbent Directors" shall 
consist of the directors holding office as of the effective date of this
Plan and any person becoming a director subsequent to such date whose
election, or nomination for election by the Company's stockholders, is
approved by a vote of at least a majority of the Incumbent Directors then in 
office); (c) consummation of any merger, consolidation, reorganization or 
other extraordinary transactions (or series of related transactions)
involving the Company which results in the stockholders of the Company having
power to vote in the ordinary election of directors immediately prior to
such transaction (or series of related transactions) failing to beneficially
own at least a majority of the securities of the Company having the power
to vote in the ordinary election of directors which are outstanding 
after giving effect to such transaction (or series of related
transactions); or (d) the stockholders of the Company approve a plan of
complete liquidation of the Company or the sale of substantially all of
the assets of the Company.

        2.9   Change of Control Date.  "Change of Control Date" means the
first date on which any of the events constituting a Change of Control shall
have occurred.

        2.10   Code.  "Code" means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from 
time to time and including any successor legislation thereto.

        2.11   Committee.  "Committee" means a committee appointed to 
administer the Plan and, except as otherwise provided below, shall be the 
Compensation Committee of the Board.  A member of the Committee shall be
disqualified from further service on the Committee if and when he or she 
ceases to be a Disinterested Person, and in such instance shall be 
comprised only of those members of the Compensation Committee who are

                                      3
<PAGE>   7

Disinterested Persons. Prior to a Change of Control, members of the
Committee shall be appointed and removed by the Board. Subsequent to a Change
of Control, only those members of the Compensation Committee who were such
members prior to the Change of Control and who remain Disinterested Persons
shall comprise the Committee, except that new members of the Committee shall be
appointed as may be required by the Committee and members of the Committee
shall be removed only by the Committee. Members of the Committee shall be
Named Fiduciaries of the Plan within the meaning of Section 402(a) of ERISA.

        2.12   Company. "Company" means Western Digital Corporation, a
Delaware corporation, and any successor-in-interest thereto, including, without
limitation, any Person into which the Company may merge and any Person who
becomes the employer of all or substantially all of the employees of the
Company and its Subsidiaries in connection with the acquisition by such Person
of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries
taken as a whole.

        2.13   Constructive Termination. "Constructive Termination" has the
meaning set forth in Section 4.3 hereof.

        2.14   Disinterested Person. Prior to a Change of Control, a
"Disinterested Person" means any member of the Board who is not an officer or
employee of the Company or any Subsidiary and who is not an Acquiring Person or
an Affiliate or Associate of an Acquiring Person. Subsequent to a Change of
Control, a "Disinterested Person" means any individual, whether or not a member
of the Board, who is not an officer or employee of the Company or any
Subsidiary and who is not an Acquiring Person or an Affiliate or Associate of
an Acquiring Person.

        2.15   Domestic Employee. "Domestic Employee" means any employee of
the Company or any Subsidiary, other than an Officer, a Key Employee or a
Foreign Employee, who is expected by the Company or any Subsidiary to work an
average of at least twenty hours per calendar week.

        2.16   Employment. "Employment" means the employment with the Company
or any Subsidiary of any Officer, Domestic Employee or Key Employee.

        2.17   ERISA. "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security
Act of 1974, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as
amended from time to time and including any successor legislation thereto.

        2.18   Exchange Act. "Exchange Act" means the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, including the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended
from time to time and including any successor legislation thereto.

                                      4
<PAGE>   8


        2.19   Exempt Person. "Exempt Person" means the Company, any
Subsidiary, any employee benefit plan or employee stock plan of the Company or
any Subsidiary (or any Person organized, appointed or established by the
Company or any Subsidiary for or pursuant to the terms of any such plan).

        2.20   Extended Period. "Extended Period" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.4 hereof.

        2.21   Foreign Employee. "Foreign Employee" means any employee of the
Company or any Subsidiary, other than an Officer, whose principal place of
Employment is located outside the United States and who is expected by the
Company or any Subsidiary to work an average of at least twenty hours per
calendar week.

        2.22   Initial Period. "Initial Period" has the meaning set forth in
Section 5.4 hereof.

        2.23   Key Employee. "Key Employee" means (a) any Domestic Employee of
the Company or a Subsidiary, other than an Officer, who is determined by the
Committee to fall within a grade level 68 or above (or the equivalent of such
grade levels in any job evaluation grading method which may be adopted after
January 17, 1990) and who is designated as a "Key Employee" by the Committee.

        2.24   Officer. "Officer" means any employee of the Company or any
Subsidiary who is determined by the Committee to be an officer of the Company
under this Plan, and includes all elected officers of the Company and also
includes all appointed officers of the Company with at least a vice president
title.

        2.25   Participant. "Participant" means an individual qualified to
participate in the Plan in accordance with the provisions of Sections 3.2 and
3.3 hereof.

        2.26   Person. "Person" means an individual, a corporation, a
partnership, an association, a trust, an unincorporated organization or any
other entity.

        2.27   Plan. "Plan" means this Western Digital Corporation Extended
Severance Plan, as it may be amended from time to time.

        2.28   Severance Benefits. "Severance Benefits" has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.5 hereof.

        2.29   Severance Payment. "Severance Payment" has the meaning set
forth in Section 4.4 hereof.

                                      5
<PAGE>   9


        2.30   Severance Period. "Severance Period" has the meaning set forth
in Section 4.4 hereof.

        2.31   Subsidiary. "Subsidiary" means any corporation or other entity
of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary voting power
sufficient to elect a majority of the directors of such corporation (or other
persons performing similar functions) are directly or indirectly Beneficially
Owned by the Company.

        2.32   Term. "Term" means the period from January 18, 1990 through
January  17, 2000.

        2.33   Other Definitions. Each term defined elsewhere in the Plan
shall have its defined meaning wherever used with an initial capital letter. 
The terms "hereof", "herein", "hereby" and variations thereof shall, whenever
used in the Plan, refer to the Plan as a whole, and not to any particular
Article or Section hereof. Where appropriate to the context of the Plan, use
of the singular shall be deemed also to refer to the plural, and use of the
plural to the singular, and pronouns of certain gender shall be deemed to
comprehend either or both of the other genders.


                                  ARTICLE 3
                       ADMINISTRATION AND PARTICIPATION

        3.1   Administration of the Plan. The Committee  shall be responsible
for  the administration of the Plan. The Committee is authorized and directed
to exercise its discretion to interpret the Plan and to make all determinations
and decisions and to take all actions necessary or advisable for the
administration and implementation of the Plan, but only to the extent not
contrary to the express provisions of the Plan. All interpretations,
determinations and decisions made by the Committee pursuant to the Plan shall
be made by unanimous written consent or by vote of a majority of the Committee
present at a duly noticed meeting at which a majority of the members is
present. All interpretations, determinations, decisions and other actions
taken or made by the Committee pursuant to the provisions of the Plan shall be
final and binding upon all Persons. Without limiting any indemnification
rights (whether now in existence or hereafter granted) under the certificate of
incorporation or bylaws of the Company, or under any plan or contract, or under
applicable law, no member of the Committee shall under any circumstances be
liable to any Person for acts or omissions in good faith pursuant to this Plan
and the Company shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless each member to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law. The Company is the sponsor and
plan administrator of the Plan. The Company pays the entire cost of the Plan
benefits and administrative expenses from its general assets and maintains
records of Plan participants.

                                      6
<PAGE>   10


Communications from eligible employees to the Company should be
addressed as follows, except as specifically noted otherwise in this Plan:

                Vice President - Human Resources
                Western Digital Corporation
                P.O. Box 19665
                Irvine, California 92713-9665
                (714)932-5000

        3.2   Participation in the Plan.  Each of the following individuals
shall be a Participant in the Plan:

             (a) Every Officer;
             (b) Every Key Employee; and
             (c) Every Domestic Employee.

Except as provided in Section 4.6 hereof, if a Participant's Employment
ceases for any reason prior to a Change of Control, such individual shall
thereupon cease to be a Participant, provided that if such individual is
reemployed prior to the Change of Control Date as an Officer, a Key Employee,
or a Domestic Employee, such individual shall again be considered a Participant
and his or her prior period of service shall be included in determining such
Participant's Severance Period described in Section 4.4 hereof.

        3.3   Ineligible Employees.  Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the following individuals shall not be considered Participants and
shall not be entitled to receive any of the Severance Payments or Severance
Benefits provided under the Plan if their Employment is terminated in
connection with or following a Change of Control:

        (a)   Any individual who has entered into a written employment or
termination of employment agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary prior to
the Change of Control Date, unless such employment or termination agreement
expressly provides that such Participant is to be covered under the Plan;

        (b)   Any individual who is hired by the Company or any Subsidiary on
or after the Change of Control Date; and

        (c)   Any individual who holds at least a five percent direct or
indirect Beneficial Ownership interest in an Acquiring Person as of the Change
of Control Date.

        Written offers of employment which are accepted by Participants shall
not be considered as written employment or termination agreements if the
employment arrangement is terminable at will by the Company, a subsidiary, or
the Employee unless the offer of employment and acceptance call for

                                      7
<PAGE>   11


termination payments or benefits that are greater than those provided
for in the Company's normal practices and policies relating to terminations not
made under the Plan.

        3.4   Claim Procedure. Employees due benefits will receive them
automatically in most cases. If an employee believes he or she is entitled to
benefits but has not received them, he or she should file a claim in writing
with the Committee's authorized delegate, Vice President - Human Resources, at
the address set forth above under Section 3.1, who will decide if the employee
is eligible for the benefits claimed. If the employee is found to be eligible,
the employee will be notified and the amount will be paid. If the employee is
found not to be eligible for any part of the benefit, the employee will be so
notified in writing.

        3.5   Appeal Procedure. If an employee who has filed a claim for
benefits under the procedure described in Section 3.4 believes he or she was
denied benefits erroneously, the employee may request a review of that
determination. The employee should appeal in writing to the Committee within
sixty days of receiving written notice of denial of his or her claim. The
appeal should be addressed as follows:

                 Compensation Committee of
                   the Board of Directors of
                   Western Digital Corporation
                 P.O. Box 19665
                 Irvine, California 92713-9665
                 (714) 932-5000

        The appeal notice must indicate specific reasons why the employee is
not satisfied with the determination. The appeal should be decided by a full
and fair review by the Committee. The Committee shall render its decision
within sixty days after receipt of the appeal notice, or will notify the
employee that an additional sixty-day period is necessary to resolve the
appeal. In either case, the decision, including reasons therefore, will be
furnished to the employee in writing. The Committee's decision will not be
subject to further appeal under the Plan. No other legal remedies may be
pursued by the employee until both the claim and appeal procedures are
exhausted.

        3.6   Additional Information. The Plan is a severance pay plan. The
Company's employer identification number is 95-2647125 and the Plan's
identification number is 504. Plan records shall be maintained on a fiscal
year basis commencing on the Change in Control Date and each anniversary of
such date. The agent for service of legal process in connection with the Plan
is the Company's chief legal officer, at the address shown above in Section
3.1. This document contains both the text of the Plan and constitutes a
summary plan description of the Plan.

                                      8
<PAGE>   12


        3.7 Statement of ERISA Rights.  Employees who are covered by the Plan
are entitled to certain rights and protections under ERISA.

        (a) All such employees shall be titled to:

        (i) examine, without charge, at the headquarters of the Company and at
other principal Company locations, all Plan documents and copies of all
documents filed by the Plan with the U.S. Department of Labor, such as Plan
descriptions; and

        (ii) obtain copies of all Plan documents and other Plan information
upon written request to the Company.  The Company may make a reasonable charge
for the copies.

        (b) In addition to creating rights for employees, ERISA imposes duties
upon the people who are responsible for the operation of the Plan.  The people
who operate the Plan, called "fiduciaries" of the Plan, have a duty to do so
prudently and in the interest of the employees covered by the Plan.  No one may
fire an employee or otherwise discriminate against an employee in any way to
prevent the employee from ERISA.  If a claim for a Plan benefit is denied in
whole or in part, the claimant must receive a written explanation of the reason
for the denial.  The claimant has the right to have the Company review and
reconsider his or her claim.

        (c) Under ERISA, there are steps employees can take to enforce the
above rights.  For example, if an employee requests materials from the Company
and does not receive them within thirty days, he or she may file suit in a
federal court.  In such a case, the court may require the Company to provide the
materials and pay the employee up to $100 a day until he or she receives the
materials, unless the materials were not sent because of reasons beyond the
control of the Company.  If an employee has a claim for benefits which is denied
or ignored, in whole or in part, the employee may file suit in a state or
federal court.  If an employee is discriminated against for asserting his or her
rights, the employee may seek assistance from the U.S. Department of Labor or
may file suit in a federal court.  The court will decide who should pay court
costs and legal fees.  If the employee is successful, the court may order the
person sued to pay these costs and fees.  If the employee loses, the court may
order the employee to pay these costs and fees if, for example, it finds the
employee's claim is frivolous.

        (d) If employees have any questions about the Plan, they should contact
the Company.  If employees have any questions about this statement or about
their rights under ERISA, they should contact the nearest Area office of the
U.S. Labor-Management Services Administration, Department of Labor.

                                      9
<PAGE>   13


                                  ARTICLE 4
                  SEVERANCE PAYMENTS AND SEVERANCE BENEFITS

        4.1   Right to a Severance Payment and Severance Benefits.  If a Change
of Control occurs and if a Participant's Employment is terminated on the Change
of Control Date or within 24 months following the Change of Control Date by
reason of an involuntary termination of Employment without Cause by the Company
or any Subsidiary or by reason of a Constructive Termination, the Participant
shall be entitled to receive the Severance Payment described in Section 4.4
hereof and the Severance Benefits described in Section 4.5, subject to all of
the terms and conditions of the Plan.

        4.2   Termination for Cause.  The Company or any Subsidiary shall have
"Cause" to terminate involuntarily the Employment of a Participant only in the
event of (a) the Participant's conviction of a felony and exhaustion of all
rights to appeal such conviction, or (b) the Participant's willful and gross
misconduct that is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Company or any
Subsidiary.  A Participant whose Employment terminates by reason of death shall
not be entitled to a Severance Payment or Severance Benefits hereunder, and any
Severance Payments to Participants who may be receiving long-term disability
("LTD") payments under the Company's benefit plans shall be delayed until such
time as the amount of such LTD payments can be determined.  The total amount of
LTD payments received by a Participant during a Participant's Severance Period
shall then be offset against that Participant's Severance Payment.

        4.3   Constructive Termination.  Unless the Employment of a Participant
is involuntarily terminated for Cause, the Employment of a Participant shall be
deemed to have been terminated by reason of a "Constructive Termination" if the
Participant voluntarily terminates his or her Employment within ninety days
following (a) a material reduction, without the Participant's consent, in the
Participant's job duties, title or authority or (b) a reduction in, or a
failure to pay or provide, the Participant's Base Salary or any benefits
(without an economically equivalent replacement for which the Participant is
eligible under any pension plan, profit-sharing plan, health and welfare plan,
life, disability or medical insurance plan or policy or other employee benefit
plan, unless any such reduction in Base Salary, incentive compensation or
benefits is made in connection with a Company-wide (or Subsidiary-wide)
reduction in Base Salary or benefits that is not intended to or does not
materially reduce employment levels in the Company or a Subsidiary.  Recognizing
that reductions in job duties, title or authority may be gradual and that such
reductions may have to be viewed on a cumulative basis over some period of
time, each new reduction in status or responsibility shall again initiate the

                                      10
<PAGE>   14


ninety-day period within which a Participant's rights may be exercised
under this provision. The determination of whether or not the reduction(s) are
material shall be viewed on a cumulative basis from the Change of Control Date.
A constructive termination for which a Participant shall have ninety days in
which to exercise his/her rights hereunder also shall be deemed to occur when a
change is made in the terms or administration of the Company's or a
Subsidiary's incentive compensation, commission or bonus program, such that the
overall level of compensation that a Participant receives or is entitled to
receive is materially reduced in relation to that Participant's overall level
of compensation prior to the Change of Control Date or in relation to other
individuals covered by the incentive compensation, commission or bonus program.
Nothing in this provision shall require, however, the payment of incentive
compensation commission or bonuses that would be contrary to the provisions of
an incentive compensation, commission or bonus program that was in force on the
Change of Control Date.

        4.4   Severance Payment. A Participant who is entitled to receive a
Severance Payment pursuant to Section 4.1 hereof shall receive from the
Company, by a lump sum cash disbursement in United States currency delivered
within sixty days after the date of the termination of the Participant's
Employment, the present value of the aggregate amount described below in this
Section 4.4, as determined by applying the discount rate specified in Section
280G of the Code.

        (a)   The "Severance Period" for a Participant who was an Officer shall
be twelve months, plus one month for each full two-month period (if any) in
which the Participant was employed by the Company and/or any Subsidiary in
excess of one year prior to his or her Employment termination, provided,
however, that the Severance Period shall in no event exceed thirty-six months.
If the Participant was a Key Employee, the "Severance Period" for such
Participant shall be four months, plus one month for each full four-month
period, if any, in which Participant was employed by the Company and/or any
Subsidiary in excess of one year prior to his or her Employment termination,
provided, however, that the Severance Period shall in no event exceed
twenty-four months. If the Participant was a Domestic Employee, the "Severance
Period" for such Participant shall be two months, plus one month for each full
six-month period (if any) in which the Participant was employed by the Company
and/or any Subsidiary in excess of one year prior to his or her Employment
termination, provided, however, that the Severance Period shall in no event
exceed twenty-four months.

        (b)   If the Participant was an Officer, his or her Severance Payment
shall equal the sum of:

                    11
<PAGE>   15

        (i)   The Participant's monthly Base Salary as of the day immediately
preceding the Change of Control Date or as of the date of his or her Employment
termination, whichever is greater, multiplied by the number of months in the
Participant's Severance Period; and

        (ii)   The average bonus or average commissions, expressed on a monthly
basis, received by the Participant from the company and/or any Subsidiary with
respect to (x) the two fiscal years immediately preceding the year in which the
Change of Control occurs or, (y) the two fiscal years immediately preceding the
year in which his or her Employment terminates, whichever averaged amount is
greater, multiplied by the number of months in the Participant's Severance
Period.

        (c)   If the Participant was a Domestic Employee or a Key Employee, his
or her Severance Payment shall equal the Participant's monthly Base Salary plus
the Participant's monthly draw against commissions, if any, as of the day
immediately preceding the Change of Control Date or as of the date of his or
her Employment termination, whichever is greater, multiplied by the number of
months in the Participant's Severance Period.

        4.5   Severance Benefits.  A Participant who is entitled to receive
Severance Benefits pursuant to Section 4.1 hereof shall receive the following
benefits:

        (a)   The Participant (together with his or her eligible dependents and
spouse) shall continue to receive from the Company and at the Company's
expense, for a number of months immediately following the termination of his or
her Employment equal to the number of months in the Severance Period, all
benefits under any health and welfare plans and life and disability insurance
plans and policies which such Participant and his or her dependents and spouse
would have been eligible to receive had the Participant's Employment continued
for the Severance Period.  If any of the plans or policies governing such
benefits do not permit such benefits to be provided to the Participants (or his
or her eligible dependents and spouse) as a result of the termination of the
Participant's Employment, the Company shall, at its expense, provide benefits
of comparable value to the Participant (including such dependents and spouse).
Providing benefits of comparable value does not include an obligation to
provide benefits affording comparable tax treatment.

        (b)   If the Participant was an Officer, the Participant shall receive,
for the duration of the Severance Period, the continued accrual of all
retirement benefits (including, without limitation, years of service) under any
pension plan(s) applicable to the Participant as of the date of the termination
of his or her Employment based upon the

                                      12
<PAGE>   16

assumption that the Participant continued throughout the Severance
Period to receive his or her Base Salary in effect as of the day immediately
preceding the Change of Control Date or as of the date of his or her Employment
termination, whichever is greater.  If such accrual is not permitted by the
terms of such plan(s), the Company shall comply with the provisions of Section
4.5(a) hereof regarding the furnishing to such Participant of comparable
benefits.

        4.6   Termination of Employment in Anticipation of a Change of Control. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan, if the Committee
determines that a Participant's Employment was involuntarily terminated without
Cause, or by reason of a Constructive Termination, prior to a Change of Control
but in anticipation of such subsequent, Change of Control (whether or not such
termination is at the specific request of the Acquiring Persons or any
Affiliate or Associate thereof), such terminated Participant shall be entitled
to receive a Severance Payment and Severance Benefits pursuant to the terms and
conditions of this Article 4, provided that (a) the Severance Payment shall be
due within sixty days after the Change of Control Date, (b) Severance Benefits
shall begin immediately following the Change of Control Date, (c) the amount of
such Severance Payment and Severance Benefits and the length of the
Participant's Severance Period shall be based upon the period of his or her
actual Employment prior to the Change of Control, and (d) the offset provisions
described in Section 4.7 hereof shall apply to the Severance Period beginning
immediately following the Change of Control Date.

        4.7   Mitigation and Offset.  A Participant who is entitled to a
Severance Payment and Severance Benefits shall have no duty to seek other
employment or to become self-employed.  If, however, the Participant
subsequently obtains other employment, any health and welfare or insurance-type
benefits received by the Participant during or with respect to such
Participant's Severance Period following the termination of his or her
Employment and attributable to services rendered by the Participant to a person
other than the Company or any subsidiary during such period shall be applied to
reduce the Company's obligation to provide Severance Benefits hereunder.  It
shall be a condition to the Company's obligation to provide such Severance
Benefits to a terminated Participant that such terminated Participant shall
keep the Company advised of the status of his or her employment during the
Severance Period and of the amount of such benefits received by him or her
during or with respect to such period. No salary, cash bonuses, grants of
stock, pension benefits or other compensation received by the Participant
during the Severance Period as a result of such subsequent employment or
self-employment shall be applied to reduce the Company's obligation to make the
Severance Payment to the Participant.


                                      13
<PAGE>   17

        4.8   Section 280G Limitation.  If, in the opinion of the Company's
independent public accountants, any payment or benefit received or to be
received by a Participant in connection with a Change of Control (whether
pursuant to the Plan or any other plan or agreement to which the Participant is
a beneficiary) would not be deductible for federal income tax purposes, in
whole or in part, by the Company or any other Person making such payment or
providing such benefit by reason of Section 280G of the Code, the aggregate
such payments and benefits to be provided to the Participant shall be reduced
(with the Severance Payment and Severance Benefits provided by the Plan being
the first reduced) to the minimum extent necessary so that no portion of such
aggregate payments and benefits is not deductible by reason of Section 280G of
the Code.  For purposes of the foregoing provision, (a) the value of any
non-cash benefits or any deferred or contingent payment or benefit shall be
determined in accordance with the principles of Section 280G of the Code, (b)
no payment or benefit not constituting, in the opinion of such accountants, a
"parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code shall be
included in determining the aggregate amount of such payments and benefits, and
(c) no payment or benefit, the receipt or enjoyment of which has been waived in
writing by the Participant, shall be included in determining the aggregate
amount of such payments and benefits.

        4.9   Source of Payments.  All amounts paid by the Company in
connection with the Plan (including, without limitation, Severance Payments and
payments regarding Severance Benefits) shall be made from the general assets of
the Company.

        4.10   Other Plans and Agreements.  The terms and conditions of the
Plan shall not affect a Participant's right to receive any other compensation
or benefits provided for in any other plan or agreement to which such
Participant may be a party or as to which such Participant may be a
beneficiary.


                                  ARTICLE 5
                              GENERAL PROVISIONS

        5.1   Successors and Assigns.  The Plan shall be binding upon, and
shall benefit, the successors and assigns of the Company and the Participants.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any successor-in-interest to
the Company (including, without limitation, any Person into which the Company
may merge and any Person who employs all or substantially all of the employees
of the Company and its Subsidiaries in connection with the acquisition of all
or substantially all of the assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as
a whole) shall assume all of the obligations of the Company under the Plan. 
Furthermore, if a Participant dies prior to receiving any 

                           14


<PAGE>   18
        
Severance Payment to which he or she is entitled, such payment shall be
made to the Participant's estate or legal representative.

        5.2   No Other Rights.  Neither the adoption or maintenance of the Plan
nor anything contained herein shall, with respect to any present or former
employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, be deemed to create any contract or
other right or interest under the Plan or in any funds other than as
specifically provided herein.  Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
neither the adoption or maintenance of the Plan nor anything contained herein
shall, with respect to any Participant, be deemed to constitute an assurance of
continued employment and, in the absence of a written employment agreement to
the contrary, any Participant's employment may be terminated "at will".

        5.3   Governing Laws; Enforcement of the Plan.  The Plan shall be
governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the internal laws
of the State of California.  Participants, the Committee and the Company shall
each be entitled to bring a legal action to enforce the Plan.  The unsuccessful
party to any such action shall pay to the successful party all costs and
expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees, incurred
therein by the successful party.

        5.4   Amendment and Termination of the Plan.

        (a)   During the initial four years of the Term of this Plan (the
"Initial Period") and during any extension beyond the Initial Period (an
"Extended Period"), no changes or amendments may be made to the Plan which
would be adverse to the interests of Participants except as provided below. 
Unless so amended, the Plan shall remain in effect for the full Term.

        (b)   During a period of ninety days (the "Amendment Period") just
prior to the end of the Initial Period and just prior to the end of any
Extended Period, the Board may make such amendments as it may desire to the
Plan, including termination of it, provided, however, that no amendment or
termination adverse to the interests of Participants shall be adopted during
such period(s) if a Change of Control has occurred or is imminent, threatened
or under consideration by the Board.


        (c)   The Plan shall automatically be extended for an additional
two-year period at the end of the Initial Period and at the end of each
Extended Period until such time as the Term has expired unless the Plan has
been terminated or has been amended as herein provided in a manner which would
change such extension period.


                                      15
<PAGE>   19


        IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has  caused the Plan to be adopted and
to become effective  as of January 18, 1990.


                                          WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
                                        
                                        By     CHARLES A. HAGGERTY   
                                            -------------------------
                                        
                                        Its Chairman, President & CEO
                                        -----------------------------
                                        
                                        
                                        By     ROBERT L. ERICKSON
                                            -------------------------
                                        
                                        Its Vice President, Law and Secretary
                                        -------------------------------------




                                      16
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.14
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1

                                EXHIBIT 10.14

                             SUMMARY DESCRIPTION
                                      OF
                         WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION
                    MANAGEMENT INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN

Pursuant to this plan (which is reviewed and approved annually), officers and
certain other key employees above a designated grade level are eligible to
receive cash bonuses based on specified performance goals in the areas of
profitability, linearity of shipments and quality.  For fiscal 1995, executive
officers can earn bonuses of up to 100% of their base pay (up to 140% for the
Chief Executive Officer).  Payouts are keyed to a sliding scale based on
predetermined target levels for the applicable performance goal.  The aggregate
of all payments made under this plan are not to exceed ten percent of pretax
operating profit for the applicable fiscal year.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.15
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>WAFER AND DIE PURCHASE CONTRACT
<TEXT>

<PAGE>   1
                                                                   EXHIBIT 10.15




                        WAFER AND DIE PURCHASE CONTRACT





                                                   Effective as of July 18, 1994




<PAGE>   2

                             TABLE OF CONTENTS

<TABLE>
<S>     <C>                                                                                          <C>
RECITALS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   1                      

1.       DEFINITIONS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   2    

2.       QUALIFICATION PHASE; CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO, AND INCENTIVES TO REACH, PRODUCTION PHASE. .   4       

3.       PRODUCTION PHASE CAPACITY AND PURCHASE COMMITMENTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   7                      

4.       PRICING PHASES FOR PRODUCT ORDERING: UNPROBED WAFERS, PROBED WAFERS, AND DIE . . . . . . .   9

5.       PRICES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  10    

6.       STANDARD ORDERING INTERVALS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  12   

7.       FORECASTING. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  12                      

8.       RAMP-DOWN PROVISIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  13                       

9.       PRODUCT PURCHASE ORDERS AND ACCEPTANCES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  14              

10.      CHANGE ORDERS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .  15                             

11.      RECONCILIATIONS AND OTHER REPORTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .  16                             

12.      INVOICES AND PAYMENT TERMS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .  16                       

13.      MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .  17                      

14.      SUPPORT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .  19                      

15.      WARRANTY. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .  19                            

16.      GENERAL SALES TERMS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .  21

17.      TERM AND TERMINATION. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .  22                         

18.      INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .  22                         

19.      ENTIRE CONTRACT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  . . . . . . . . . . .  25                             
</TABLE>
                                      -i-





<PAGE>   3


                                LIST OF EXHIBITS



<TABLE>
<S>                       <C>
EXHIBIT A                 QUANTITIES, PRICING, ETC.

EXHIBIT B                 4-CORNER TEST / EXPERIMENTAL LOTS

EXHIBIT C                 STANDARD DIE YIELD REFERENCES

EXHIBIT D                 CHANGE ORDER/CANCELLATION COMPENSATION (See Section 10.3 and 
                          Exhibit "A" of Contract) WORK IN PROCESS (W.I.P.) CANCELLATION CHARGES

EXHIBIT E                 LIST OF SPECIFICATIONS AND "QUAL MEMO"

EXHIBIT F                 TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONCERNING DESIGN SERVICES ACTIVITIES

EXHIBIT G                 SCHEDULE OF MILESTONES
</TABLE>

                                      -ii-





<PAGE>   4


                        WAFER AND DIE PURCHASE CONTRACT

         This WAFER AND DIE PURCHASE CONTRACT (this "Contract") is entered into
effective as of July 18, 1994 (the "Effective Date"), by and between American
Microsystems, Inc. having a place of business at 2300 Buckskin Road, Pocatello,
Idaho 83201 ("AMI"), and Western Digital Corporation, a Delaware corporation
having a place of business at 8105 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, California
("WDC").  AMI and WDC are hereinafter collectively referred to as the
"Parties."

RECITALS:

A.       WDC designs, develops, makes or has made, markets, and sells various
computer-related products including but not limited to complementary symmetry
metal oxide semiconductor ("CMOS") integrated-circuit chips embodying
WDC-originated designs ("WDC Proprietary Chips").

B.       WDC owns intellectual property rights relating to the WDC Proprietary
Chips.

C.       WDC wants to ensure it can, on a long-term basis, buy mutually
agreed-upon quantities of the wafers it needs to complete the assembly and
final test of those WDC Proprietary Chips.  WDC wants to cooperate with AMI
during a "Qualification Phase" hereunder to qualify AMI as a vendor of wafers,
and also to assess AMI's design support capability.  Subject to AMI's becoming
qualified and subject to satisfactory assessment of AMI's design support
capability, WDC is willing to commit to buying a major portion of its
requirements from AMI during a "Production Phase" hereunder.

D.       AMI is in the process of developing wafer fabrication and probe
testing capacity which AMI will want to keep loaded on a long-term basis.
Subject to the successful installation and qualification of such capacity, and
subject to the terms and conditions hereof, AMI is willing to commit, during
the Production Phase, to allocate capacity sufficient to meet mutually
agreed-upon wafer supply quantities for WDC.

E.       The Parties want to cooperate during the Qualification Phase to
utilize software tools collectively referred to herein as "AMI's Design System"
to define the detailed design of certain of WDC's Proprietary Chips in forms
involving cell designs within AMI's now-existing library of such cells
("Standard Cells") and involving other cells specially developed by AMI for WDC
("Custom Cells") under terms and conditions set forth in Exhibit F attached
hereto.  The Parties also want to provide for the grant of a license from AMI
to WDC and the terms and conditions thereof, which license shall provide WDC
with rights to make and have made these certain chips embodying such cells and
any other




                                       1
<PAGE>   5

such chips hereafter designed utilizing AMI's Design System to involve such
cell designs from AMI's library.

NOW, THEREFORE, in view of the foregoing recitals, and in consideration of, and
subject to, the representations, conditions and covenants herein, the Parties
agree as follows:

1.       DEFINITIONS:

         The definitions set forth in this Article 1 shall apply to the
corresponding words and phrases set forth with initial capitalization in this
Contract, whether used in the singular or the plural.

1.1      "D(0)" shall have the meaning given to it in Exhibit C.

1.2      "Demand Shortfall" shall mean, with respect to an AMI fiscal month
during the Production Phase in which WDC requests via Weekly Releases for the
month, less than * of the Monthly Run Rate, a number of units determined by
computing the product * and the Monthly Run Rate and subtracting therefrom the
number of Equivalent Wafers WDC requested for the month.

1.3      "Device" shall mean a die that is identified by a WDC manufacturing
device code, regardless of whether or not the die has been separated from a
Wafer.

1.4      "Die" shall mean an individual integrated-circuit in Wafer form.

1.5      "Die Price" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3.

1.6      "Die Specifications" shall mean, for each respective Device, the
specifications the Parties designate pursuant to Section 2.2 (which may
include, but are not necessarily limited to, the database tape, probe program,
and applicable process, MAP and visual information).

1.7      "Estimated die per Wafer" and its abbreviation "ED/W" shall have, with
respect to Wafers having a reduced wafer price and with respect to Ordered Die
ordered for delivery during each standard die pricing phase, the same meaning
as the term "Net D/W" (set forth in Exhibit C attached hereto as a function of
D(0) at the applicable D(0) (the applicable D(0) depends upon the quarter in 
which the Wafer is ordered for delivery), and shall have, with respect to 
Ordered Die ordered for delivery during each experience-based die pricing 
phase, the meaning set forth in Section 5.5.




* Confidential treatment

                                       2
<PAGE>   6


1.8      "Equivalent Wafer" shall mean, with respect to a number of Wafers to
be purchased and sold under this Contract, either a DLM Wafer or 1.25 times a
TLM Wafer.

1.9      "Lot" shall mean a group of Wafers (each Wafer containing a quantity
of Devices) which are processed as a group.  Each Lot will be assigned a
specific alpha/numeric identification that distinguishes it from any other Lot.

1.10     "Lot Size" shall mean the number of Wafer Starts in a lot.  For an
Engineering lot, the Lot Size shall be variable, upon mutual agreement, from
five (5) to twenty-five (25) wafer starts.  For a production run, the Lot Size
shall be twenty-five (25) wafer starts.

1.11     "Monthly Run Rate" shall mean, with respect to each AMI fiscal month
during the Production Phase, the number of Equivalent Wafer starts determined
by multiplying the Weekly Run Rate by the number of weeks in AMI's fiscal
month.

1.12     "New Device" shall mean, with respect to a Device that has entered a
Die-pricing phase, a Device having an all mask level change; thus, if WDC
revises a Device in a way that affects one or more masks, the revised Device
shall not be a New Device unless the die size changes.

1.13     "Ordered Die" shall mean Die ordered as such, whether in a Weekly
Release or a change order thereto (Ordered Die shall be priced either as
standard-priced die or experienced-priced die).

1.14     "Ordered Wafers" shall mean Wafers ordered as such, whether in a the
group of the first 5000 Wafers (whether the 5000 Wafers consist of TLM Wafers
or are a mix of TLM or DLM Wafers) or otherwise (Ordered Wafers shall be priced
as either as standard-priced Wafers or reduced-priced Wafers).

1.15     "Products" shall mean any product WDC orders in a Weekly Release
accepted by AMI in writing pursuant to Section 1.22 under this Contract,
whether ordered as Die or as Wafers.

1.16     "Supply Shortfall" shall mean, with respect to an AMI fiscal month in
which AMI accepts via accepted Weekly Releases for the month, a number of
Equivalent Wafers less than a "Supply Floor" equal to the lesser of: (a) * of
the Monthly Run Rate, or (b) the sum of: (1) the number of Equivalent Wafer
starts WDC requests for each week in the month in which WDC requests less than
* of the Weekly Run Rate, and (2) * of the Weekly Run Rate for all other weeks
in the month, and shall be determined by subtracting the number of Equivalent
Wafers AMI accepted for the month from the Supply Floor.



* Confidential treatment

                                       3
<PAGE>   7

1.17     "Unprobed Wafer Price" and "UWP" shall mean, with respect to each
quarter hereunder and with respect to DLM Wafers and TLM Wafers, respectively,
the prices set forth in Exhibit A in the lines headed "PRICE (UWP)" and
entitled "DLM" and "TLM," respectively, or such other price as may result from
any amendment the Parties may hereafter agree upon in writing.

1.18     "Wafer" shall mean any 5" Wafer that AMI shall fabricate for WDC
pursuant to this Contract; AMI shall backgrind every Wafer before delivery to
WDC.

1.19     "Wafer Specifications" shall mean, for each respective Device, the
specifications the Parties designate pursuant to Section 2.2.

1.20     "Weekly Acceptance" shall mean a written acceptance by AMI of a Weekly
Release under this Contract.

1.21     "Weekly Demand Shortfall" shall mean, with respect to any week during
the Production Phase in which WDC requests via a Weekly Release for the week, a
number of Equivalent Wafer starts less than * of the Weekly Run Rate, a
number of units determined by computing the product of * and the Weekly Run
Rate and subtracting therefrom the number of Equivalent Wafers WDC requested
for the week.

1.22     "Weekly Release" shall mean a written purchase order placed by WDC
under this Contract.

1.23     "Weekly Run Rate" shall mean, with respect to each quarter during the
Production Phase, the number of Wafer starts set forth in Exhibit A in the line
entitled "DLM (WSPW)" or such modified number as may result from any Ramp-down
notice or from any amendment the Parties may hereafter agree upon in writing.

2.       QUALIFICATION PHASE; CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO, AND INCENTIVES TO REACH,
PRODUCTION PHASE

2.1      During the Qualification Phase, the Parties shall cooperate in good
faith to determine as soon as possible whether AMI's wafer fabrication
processes and quality control procedures are compatible with WDC's needs.  The
Qualification Phase commences on the Effective Date and will expire either upon
the commencement date of a Production Phase of this Contract or upon the
termination date of this Contract.  The commencement date of the Production
Phase, if any, shall be the date the Parties hereafter agree upon in writing
based upon the Parties' agreement that the tasks set forth in this Article have
been successfully completed.  This Contract terminates for failure of
qualification without liability to either Party (other than for a breach of the
duties of good faith performance of the tasks set forth in this


* Confidential treatment


                                       4
<PAGE>   8
Article) either on March 31, 1995, or, if both Parties deem it desirable to
extend the maximum duration of the Qualification Phase, on such later date that
the Parties hereafter agree upon in writing.

2.2      The Parties shall confer to compare WDC's standard wafer and die
specifications (a list of which is attached hereto as Exhibit E) with AMI's
standard wafer and die specifications (AMI Document No. 5501010), and in good
faith resolve all differences between such specifications and agree upon in
writing a Die Specification and a Wafer Specification that shall govern during
the Production Phase.

2.3      AMI shall exercise good faith efforts to expand its wafer fabrication
capacity by installing fabrication and test equipment it deems necessary to
enable it to manufacture probed Wafers for WDC in the quantities specified in
Exhibit A.  AMI shall keep WDC fully informed concerning AMI's progress on this
task, and shall give WDC prompt notice of any information that indicates the
possibility of a material delay in its ability to, or any inability to, obtain,
install, and qualify such equipment.  If, for any reason beyond AMI's control,
AMI is unable to obtain and install such equipment in sufficient time to meet
scheduled ramp-up of production, AMI may request WDC to extend the maximum
duration of the Qualification Phase, which request shall not be unreasonably
refused.

2.4      At no charge to WDC, AMI shall:
         (a)     Start fifty (50) Wafers (in two independent Lots) to produce
                 Die embodying AMI's standard evaluation circuit, and complete
                 the manufacture, including packaging, of such Die;
         (b)     Test such packaged Die in accordance with test procedures set
                 forth in a memorandum dated June 16, 1994, and captioned
                 "Qualification Plan for AMI CW (0.8 micron) Diffusion Process,"
                 (the "Qual memo") a copy of which is included in Exhibit E
                 attached hereto; and
         (c)     Disclose all such test results in writing to WDC.

2.5      At WDC's cost in the amount set forth in this section, AMI shall:
         (a)     Start twenty-five (25) Wafers to produce Die embodying a
                 Device that WDC shall designate as a "Qualification Device,"
                 and AMI shall complete the fabrication of these Wafers;
         (b)     AMI shall test each of these Wafers in accordance with AMI's
                 customary wafer-test standards (the "MAP test"), and shall
                 deliver to WDC these Wafers, and written test results on a
                 by-wafer basis setting forth normal




                                       5
<PAGE>   9
                 parametric data and a certification for each Wafer that
                 complies with AMI's customary wafer-test standards.  Within
                 thirty (30) days after delivery of these Wafers and the
                 written test results and AMI's invoice therefor, *

2.6      On reasonable notice and during regular working hours, AMI shall
afford all persons designated by WDC who have agreed to be bound by appropriate
confidentiality agreements and security arrangements to have access to all
facilities AMI uses, whether its own or those of a subcontractor, to
manufacture Wafers (including test) for all purposes relating to qualification
of manufacturing operations.  Promptly after the Effective Date, the Parties
shall negotiate in good faith an agreement containing reciprocal indemnity
clauses with respect to any personal injury or property damage caused by or to
a Party's employee during a visit to the other Party's facility.

2.7      The Parties shall cooperate in good faith in joint efforts to derive
from existing designs of two WDC Proprietary Chips compatible designs suitable
for fabrication in AMI's process.  These two WDC Proprietary Chips, as designed
for compatibility with AMI's process, are referred to herein as "Candidate
Production Chips."  As of the Effective Date, WDC expects to designate its
"Horizon" and "Enterprise" chips as the Candidate Production Chips.  WDC may
substitute one or two other chips at any time during the Qualification Phase,
provided that doing so does not create unreasonable additional work or expense
for or unreasonable additional burden on AMI.  The joint efforts required under
this Section include reasonable engineering support provided by both Parties to
develop appropriate probe tests, test cards, and any other materials or
processes reasonably required to complete the manufacture and testing of
prototype runs of the Candidate Production Chips.  Exhibit F attached hereto
sets forth the general nature of the activities to be undertaken, briefly
describes certain deliverables, and sets forth the compensation WDC shall pay
to AMI.  WDC has heretofore issued a purchase order in the amount of ** to
get these activities started.  If the scope of the work to be undertaken by AMI
materially changes, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to determine
additional terms, including but not limited to more compensation to AMI,
governing these activities.

2.8      At no charge to WDC, AMI shall:
         (a)     Start fifty (50) Wafers (in two independent Lots) to produce
                 Die embodying two Devices that WDC shall designate, and AMI
                 shall complete the fabrication of





* Confidential treatment

                                       6
<PAGE>   10
                 such Wafers, and at WDC's request shall complete the
                 manufacture including packaging of a reasonable number of 
                 such Die;
         (b)     Test such packaged Die in accordance with the "Qual memo,"  a
                 copy of which is included in Exhibit E attached hereto; and
         (c)     Deliver to WDC these Wafers and packaged Die, and written test
                 results on a by-wafer and by-die basis.

2.9      The following table sets forth incentive payments WDC shall make to
AMI conditioned upon meeting the various possible dates for Qualification
Complete (see Section 2.1) and for R1 Release Status (see the document 
identified as RL000100 Rev J0 listed in Exhibit E) for the two Candidate 
Production Chips:
                                       *

2.10     The Parties' best estimate, as of the Effective Date, for the schedule
of milestones leading up to the R1 releases is set forth in Exhibit G.  The
Parties shall confer regularly (not less than once per week) during the
Qualification Phase and agree upon updates to the schedule of milestones.  If
but for delays caused by WDC, AMI would have been able to meet any given target
date for an incentive payment under Section 2.9, and if AMI has given prompt
notice to WDC of the fact that WDC is causing such delay, WDC shall make the
incentive payment provided that AMI satisfies the incentive conditions by a
revised target date that is later than the original target date by the amount
of the delay WDC caused.

2.11     AMI acknowledges and understands that there will highly likely be a
need for repeatedly changing probe tests during the Qualification Phase, and
that such test changes will not affect pricing during the Qualification Phase.

3.       PRODUCTION PHASE CAPACITY AND PURCHASE COMMITMENTS

3.1      Subject to the ramp-down provisions of Section 8.1, the force majeure
provisions of Section 10.5, and the "make-or-pay" provisions of this Article 3,
AMI commits to provide sufficient capacity during the Production Phase to
fabricate, probe and sell to WDC all Products ordered by WDC in conformance
with this Contract.  AMI's commitment to provide capacity is limited to the
quantities set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

3.2      Subject to the ramp-down provisions of Section 8.2, the force majeure
provisions of Section 10.5, and the "take-or-pay" provisions of this Article 3,
WDC commits to buy Products during the Production Phase in the quantities set
forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.




* Confidential treatment

                                       7
<PAGE>   11

3.3      (a)     If in any AMI fiscal month during the Production Phase a
Demand Shortfall occurs, WDC shall owe AMI a Demand Shortfall payment
determined as follows:

         Payment = UWP*0.7*Demand Shortfall

         (b)     If in any AMI fiscal month during the Production Phase a
Supply Shortfall occurs, AMI shall owe WDC a Supply Shortfall payment
determined as follows:

         Payment = UWP*0.7*Supply Shortfall

         (c)     If in any week during the Production Phase a Weekly Demand
Shortfall occurs, WDC shall immediately owe AMI a Weekly Demand Shortfall
payment determined as follows:

         Payment = UWP*Weekly Demand Shortfall

(To avoid double liability, for the purpose of determining whether a Demand
Shortfall has occurred, WDC shall be deemed to have requested * of the Weekly
Run Rate by virtue of having become obligated under this Subsection.)

         (d)     The Parties shall reconcile any and all shortfalls on a
quarterly basis; i.e., within two weeks after the close of each AMI fiscal
quarter during the Production Phase, the Parties shall confer and agree upon
the net amount, if any, either Party owes the other Party as a shortfall
payment, and such other Party may forthwith submit an invoice to the owing
Party in such net amount, and the owing Party shall pay the other Party the
amount due within thirty (30) days of such invoice.

         With respect to any period in which WDC causes a Demand Shortfall, if
actual average Die per wafer for Wafers started during such period are lower
than the estimated Die per wafer, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith for
a reduction or elimination of any WDC "take- or-pay" payment obligation.

3.4      If during the Term hereof, WDC foresees a possible need to exercise
its right under the license granted to it in Section 18.8 to have made any
integrated circuit that either has been designed using AMI's Design System or
embodies any AMI Standard Cell, or both, (the Subject Chip") WDC shall give AMI
written notice and the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to define terms
and conditions under which AMI will offer to provide the foundry capacity to
make the Subject Chip for WDC.  If notwithstanding such negotiations WDC
continues to foresee a possible need to exercise such right, and WDC receives
an offer





* Confidential treatment

                                       8
<PAGE>   12
from another foundry, WDC shall give written notice to AMI and offer AMI the
opportunity to match any other foundry's offer and, if AMI requests different
terms or conditions, shall negotiate in good faith in an effort to define
equivalent terms and conditions upon which AMI can offer a competitive bid.
WDC's duty to negotiate on such matter shall expire 14 days from the date of
the written notice.  If WDC exercises its right under the license granted to it
in Section 18.8 to make or have made any Subject Chip, WDC shall continue to be
bound by the "take- or-pay" provisions of this Article.

3.5      Each Party shall exercise good faith efforts to make up for any
shortfall in supply or demand to eliminate reconciliation payments.  These
efforts may include but are not limited to WDC requesting build aheads of 
alternative Devices if reduction in demand for any Device causes demand
to fall into a shortfall situation, or AMI may try to build ahead for other
customers in the event of a Demand Shortfall from WDC.

         In the event of a Demand Shortfall, or Supply Shortfall, AMI will make
a good faith effort to provide upside capacity (when available at AMI's
discretion) of up to * above the Weekly Run Rate in order to facilitate
recovery from the shortfall situation.

4.       PRICING PHASES FOR PRODUCT ORDERING: UNPROBED WAFERS, PROBED WAFERS,
AND DIE

4.1      For every Device to be purchased hereunder during the Production
Phase, there shall be, in the following sequence:
         (a)     a wafer-pricing phase;
         (b)     a standard die-pricing phase; and
         (c)     an experience-based die-pricing phase.

4.2      The term "transition date" is used herein, with respect to each
Device, to mean the date the Device enters the standard die pricing phase.
Each experience-based die-pricing phase starts at the beginning of the quarter
that begins at least 90 days after the transition date.

4.3      All of the first * Wafers (whether the * Wafers consist of TLM
Wafers or are a mix of TLM or DLM Wafers) WDC orders under this Contract, shall
be Ordered Wafers, i.e., priced as Wafers in accord with the provisions of
Section 5.2.  In addition to such first * Wafers, WDC may order other Wafers
as such under this Contract (i.e., other than when WDC may order Die pursuant
to Section 4.4), and all such ordered Wafers shall be priced as Wafers in
accord with the provisions of Section 5.2.





* Confidential treatment

                                       9
<PAGE>   13
4.4      After having ordered such first * Wafers, WDC may order product as
Ordered Die as follows:
         (a)     for any Device that does not embody any of AMI's standard 
                 cells, only after such Device has both passed the 4-corner test
                 described in Exhibit B attached hereto and been the subject of
                 prior orders of 500 wafers;
         (b)     for any Device that embodies any of AMI's standard cells, and
                 embodies one or more custom cells (these being the cells 
                 developed for WDC under the separate agreement referred to in
                 the Recitals), only after either (1) such Device has passed
                 the 4-corner test described in Exhibit B attached hereto, or
                 (2) upon the agreement of the Parties;
         (c)     for any Device designed exclusively with AMI standard cells,
                 at the discretion of WDC upon notice to AMI.

4.5      WDC may order a reasonable number of unprobed wafers (to be paid for
at the agreed-upon unprobed Wafer price, i.e., the UWP set forth in Exhibit A);
for example, in connection with engineering or other special activities.

4.6      WDC shall make an incentive payment of * to AMI conditioned upon AMI's
achievement of a D(0) less than * as demonstrated by the average die per Wafer
for the last thousand Wafers (whether such Wafers consist of TLM Wafers or are
a mix of TLM or DLM Wafers) of the first * Wafers (i.e., * through *)
completed hereunder.

4.7      Upon request of either Party at any time during the Term hereof, the
Parties shall negotiate in good faith in light of then-existing circumstances
to amend this Contract to provide additional capacity and purchase commitments,
access to improved processes including any sub 0.8 micron process, and such
other amendments as seem mutually desirable in light of then-existing
circumstances.

5.       PRICES

5.1      The prices for all Products under this Contract shall be as set forth
in this Article.

5.2      The price for every Ordered Wafer shall be determined as follows:

         (a)     for each Wafer in a single Lot, if the average number of good
                 (i.e., passes probe test) Die per Wafer in the





* Confidential treatment

                                      10
<PAGE>   14
                 Lot is greater than 50% of the applicable Net D/W (set
                 forth in Exhibit C attached hereto as a function of D(0)) at
                 the applicable D(0) (the applicable D(0) depends upon the
                 quarter in which the Wafer is ordered for delivery), then the
                 Wafer Price ("WP") shall equal the sum of the Unprobed Wafer
                 Price ("UWP") which varies by quarter as set forth in Exhibit
                 A, the Wafer Probe Charge ("WPC") which is set forth in
                 Exhibit A, and the Wafer Backgrind Charge ("WBC") which is set
                 forth in Exhibit A, and any Applicable Adder Charge ("AAC") of
                 the kind set forth in Exhibit A, i.e.:

                                      WP = UWP + WPC + WBC + AAC

         (b)     if the number of good Die on a particular Wafer is less than
                 20% of the applicable Net D/W at the applicable D(0), the Wafer
                 shall be at WDC's option, either scrapped at no charge to WDC,
                 or sold to WDC at a Reduced Wafer Price ("RWP") determined as
                 follows:
                               RWP = 2*(Die Price)* (number of good die)

         (c)     for each Wafer in a single Lot, if the average number of good
                 Die per Wafer in the Lot is greater than 20% of the applicable
                 Net D/W at the applicable D(0), but less than 50% of the
                 applicable Net D/W at the applicable D(0), then the Reduced
                 Wafer Price ("RWP") shall be determined as follows:
                      RWP = 2*(Die Price)* (number of good die)
 
                                       *

5.3      The price for every Ordered Die shall be determined by dividing the
sum of the Unprobed Wafer price ("UWP") and the Wafer probing charge ("WPC")
and the Wafer backgrind charge ("WBC") and any Applicable Adder Charge ("AAC")
by the number of die estimated to yield good for a Wafer in the phase in which
the Die is ordered for delivery; i.e.:

                       Die Price = UWP + WPC + WBC + AAC
                                   ---------------------
                                        ED/W

5.4      The estimated die per wafer (ED/W) applicable to pricing of Die
ordered for delivery during the standard die pricing phase shall be determined
in accord with a selected one of the two tables set forth in Exhibit C attached
hereto which relates die size to standard estimated die per wafer ("the
"Baseline Yield"); the first table * shall be applicable for standard die
pricing for the ninety (90) days immediately following the ordering of the last
of the first * Wafers, and the second table * shall be applicable for
standard die pricing thereafter.



* Confidential treatment

                                      11
<PAGE>   15
5.5      The estimated die per wafer (ED/W) applicable to pricing of Die
ordered for delivery during any experience-based die pricing phase shall be set
equal to the higher of:  the Baseline Yield or the average number of good die
per wafer for Wafers probed for delivery during the last ninety (90) days of
the preceding die-pricing phase.

5.6      If a test change requested by WDC affects the average number of good
Die per Wafer for a particular Device in the experience-based die-pricing
phase, the Parties in good faith shall negotiate a new ED/W figure for the
purpose of adjusting the price paid and/or to be paid for Die manufactured
after implementation of the test change.

6.       STANDARD ORDERING INTERVALS

6.1      The standard lead times from AMI's acceptance of a WDC purchase order
for a particular Device to shipment by AMI of completed Products in response to
such accepted purchase order are set forth in Exhibit A attached hereto.

6.2      The following table sets forth incentive payments WDC shall make to
AMI conditioned upon AMI's meeting the following dates for improved Standard
Lead Times for TLM (i.e., the total time between ordering and delivery date
which includes the fab time (including polyimide time), probe time, and
backgrind time):

                                       *

6.3      During any month during the Production Phase, provided that WDC has
ordered not less than 2000 Wafers per month for each of the immediately
preceding two months, AMI shall, free of any lot expedite charge, upon WDC's
request, start up to one priority (not hot hand carry) lot per month, subject
to a cap of two such priority lots in process at a time.  For any additional
priority lots and all hot hand carry lots WDC requests, WDC shall pay AMI the
lot expedite charges set forth in Exhibit A.


7.       FORECASTING

7.1      During the Term hereof, WDC shall deliver to AMI, during the first
calendar week of each calendar month, a non-binding monthly forecast setting
forth, by technology, by calendar month, for the six-month period starting with
the current month, WDC's forecasted demand for Wafers under this Contract.

7.2      Within seven days after WDC delivers each such monthly forecast, the
Parties shall confer in good faith to reach





* Confidential treatment

                                      12
<PAGE>   16
agreement on a monthly forecast that AMI and WDC accept for capacity planning
purposes.

7.3      AMI sometimes has plant shutdowns during certain periods of time
during the calendar year.  During such plant-shutdown periods, AMI will neither
make any wafer starts nor deliver any Product.  To the extent that such
shutdowns entail potential shortfalls for WDC, the Parties shall cooperate in
good faith to arrange for extra capacity for WDC during the weeks immediately
before and/or immediately after such plant shutdowns.


8.       RAMP-DOWN PROVISIONS

8.1      At any time during the Term hereof, AMI may in its sole and absolute
discretion give WDC written notice (a "Capacity Ramp-down Notice") setting 
forth AMI's decision to ramp down the wafer start capacity to be reserved for 
WDC.  After AMI gives the Capacity Ramp-down Notice, the wafer start capacity 
to be reserved for WDC may be reduced by AMI as follows (subject to any 
cancellation of ramp-down or variances thereto, in any magnitude and in either
direction, upon which the Parties may separately agree in writing):

<TABLE>
<S>                                   <C>
Up to * days after notice:            * reduction from the Weekly Run Rate;
Run

* days after notice:                  * reduction from immediately prior level;

* days after notice:                  * reduction from immediately prior level;

* days after notice:                  * reduction from immediately prior level;

* or more days after notice:          * CAPACITY.
</TABLE>

8.2      At any time during the Term hereof, WDC may in its sole and absolute
discretion give AMI written notice (a "Demand Ramp-down Notice") setting forth
WDC's decision to ramp down the demand to be committed to AMI.  After WDC gives
the Demand Ramp-down Notice, the wafer start capacity to be reserved for WDC
may be reduced by AMI as follows (subject to any cancellation of ramp-down or
variances thereto, in any magnitude and in either direction, upon which the
Parties may separately agree in writing):





* Confidential treatment

                                      13
<PAGE>   17

<TABLE>
<S>                                   <C>
Up to * days after notice:            * reduction from the Weekly Run Rate;

* days after notice:                  * reduction from immediately prior level;

* days after notice:                  * reduction from immediately prior level;

* days after notice:                  * reduction from immediately prior level;

* or more days after notice:          * CAPACITY
</TABLE>


9.       PRODUCT PURCHASE ORDERS AND ACCEPTANCES

9.1      WDC will issue to AMI at the beginning of each quarter a nonbinding
three (3) month "Blanket Purchase Order" setting forth WDC's purchase
quantities, by technology, for such three (3) month period.

9.1      Beginning with the first week of the Production Phase, on Monday of
each week by 12 o'clock noon MST or MDT, as applicable (or the next business
day thereafter in case of a holiday) during the Term hereof, WDC shall deliver
to AMI a Weekly Release.  Every Weekly Release shall contain, by Device, the
number of wafer starts in the appropriate multiple of Lot Size required to
provide the ordered quantity of Die and/or Wafers.

9.2      The ordered quantity of Die and Wafers in each Weekly Release shall be
calculated using updated and mutually agreed upon estimated Wafers per Lot and
estimated Die per Wafer, which calculations will be performed on a monthly
basis (similar to the method described in Exhibit C attached hereto).

9.3      Each calendar week, by the close of the first business day after
delivery of the Weekly Release, the Parties shall confer to discuss it and
mutually assure themselves that the Weekly Release conforms to the requirements
of this Contract and is acceptable to AMI.  Each Weekly Release that is
received and is acceptable will be started in wafer fab at AMI within the week
following the Monday in which the Weekly Release is received.  Subject to the
provisions of Article 10 below, each accepted Weekly Release shall be binding
as to quantity, delivery date, and price.





* Confidential treatment

                                      14
<PAGE>   18

10.      CHANGE ORDERS

10.1     WDC may issue change orders to any Weekly Release to increase the
quantity of any Device that had been ordered hereunder, and AMI may accept
such change order if AMI in its sole discretion determines that AMI can
reasonably supply such increased number of Devices.

10.2     If AMI determines that it can temporarily increase its capacity
commitment to WDC, AMI may offer increased capacity with respect to any Weekly
Release to increase the quantity of any Device that had been ordered in a
Weekly Release, and WDC shall increase its applicable Weekly Release provided
that WDC can reasonably purchase such increased number of Devices.

10.3     WDC may issue change orders to any Weekly Release to decrease the
quantity of any Device that had been ordered hereunder, and AMI shall accept
such change order.  If, as a result of such a change order, AMI has incurred
costs associated with the material in process in the line at the time of such
change order, then WDC shall compensate AMI in accord with the rules set forth
in Exhibit D attached hereto.

10.4     At the beginning of each quarter in which any Device either enters
experience-based die pricing, WDC may issue change orders to the Weekly
Releases for each of the last 4 weeks of the preceding quarter, which change
orders shall be based on the improved ED/W.

10.5     In no event will AMI be liable for any re-procurement costs, nor for
delay or non-delivery, due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including,
but not limited to, acts of God, acts of civil or military authority,
governmental priorities, fires, strikes, lockouts, slow-downs, shortages,
factory or labor conditions, process or yield problems demonstrated to be
outside AMI's control, or inability due to causes beyond AMI's reasonable
control to obtain necessary labor, materials or fabrication/test facilities.
In the event of any such delay, the date of delivery shall, at the request of
AMI, be deferred for a period equal to the time lost by reason of the delay.
In the event that AMI's production is curtailed for any of the foregoing
reasons so that AMI cannot deliver the full amount set forth in an accepted
purchase order, AMI may allocate production deliveries among its various
customers then under contract for similar goods.  The allocation will be made
in a commercially fair and reasonable manner.  When allocation has been made,
WDC will be notified of the estimated quota made available.  If AMI determines
that it cannot perform as a result of one of the causes described above, AMI
will cooperate with WDC and will negotiate in good faith the reasonable terms
and conditions upon which a second source of WDC's choice may receive technical
information required for such second source to manufacture Devices for WDC.  If
AMI determines




                                      15
<PAGE>   19
that it is unable to deliver Devices to WDC as a result of any of the causes
set forth in this subsection, WDC's take-or-pay obligation shall be suspended,
and the parties in good faith shall negotiate and agree upon the terms and
conditions for reinstating WDC's take-or-pay obligation.

10.6     WDC may issue change orders to initiate "fab holds," and AMI shall
hold further production of all Wafers affected by each such change order.  If
any such Wafers are on fab hold for more than six weeks, AMI may submit an
invoice to WDC requiring payment for the Wafers that are being held in an
amount determined by the Work In Process methodology set forth in Exhibit D.


11.      RECONCILIATIONS AND OTHER REPORTS

11.1     During the Term hereof, the Parties shall exercise good faith efforts
to cooperate to maintain capacity-utilization and demand fulfillment records
that are continually mutually verified for accuracy and completeness.  It is
expected that these records will be reviewed and verified at least monthly.

11.2     Such good faith efforts under Section 11.1 shall include weekly
conferences between WDC's Reconciliation Representative (Ward Stark, or his
successor) and AMI's Reconciliation Representative (Lisa Aleman, or her
successor).  If any such weekly conference reveals a Dispute as to the
capacity-utilization records, then either Reconciliation Representative may
initiate the dispute resolution process under Article 13 of this Contract.

11.3     AMI Report Requirements

         Subject to AMI's security and confidentiality requirements, AMI shall
provide WDC with information reasonably requested by WDC which is specific to
WDC Devices and reasonably related to WDC's administration of this Contract
including all reports and information as agreed upon between WDC and AMI
personnel responsible for implementation of orders and deliveries under this
Contract.


12.      INVOICES AND PAYMENT TERMS

12.1     AMI shall render a sales invoice upon each shipment of Wafers to WDC.
WDC shall pay every sales invoice AMI renders under this Contract within thirty
(30) days from the date of the invoice.  Each shipment shall constitute an
independent transaction and WDC shall pay for same in accord with the specified
payment terms.




                                      16
<PAGE>   20
12.2     As to all Devices purchased under this Contract which WDC believes to
have a defect ("purportedly defective devices"), WDC may request AMI, which
request must be submitted in writing, to provide a return material
authorization ("RMA"), and WDC may send a sample of the purportedly defective
devices with its request.  AMI shall give WDC notice of whether AMI has
accepted or rejected WDC's request for RMA no later than seven (7) calendar
days (not including plant shutdowns) after the date of AMI's receipt of the
written request.  If AMI either accepts WDC's request or fails to give such
notice on time, WDC may return all purportedly defective devices covered by the
request, and may issue a debit memo for the full price of all purportedly
defective devices returned.  AMI shall, within a reasonable period after
receipt of the purportedly defective devices and confirmation by AMI that such
purportedly defective devices are, in fact, defective as a result of AMI's
fabrication thereof, issue a credit memo for the full price thereof.  If AMI
determines the purportedly defective devices to be not defective: (a) if less
than thirty (30) days have elapsed since AMI's receipt of the purportedly
defective devices, AMI may give written notice to WDC of its determination and,
if WDC concurs (which concurrence shall not unreasonably be withheld), may
promptly reship them to WDC and again invoice WDC for the full price; if thirty
(30) days or more have elapsed since AMI's receipt of the purportedly defective
devices, AMI may request WDC to buy them at the full price, which request shall
not unreasonably be rejected.

12.3     If AMI decides to recall any Product, AMI shall submit to WDC a
written report setting forth every lot number involved in the recall.  Also,
AMI shall forthwith issue a credit memo for the full price (including shipping
charges actually invoiced to WDC) of the recalled Product.  If it is practical
to do so (e.g., the Product has not been shipped as finished goods), WDC shall
return the recalled Product to AMI.  If AMI later determines that the recalled
Product is good, AMI may request WDC to buy it at the full price, which request
shall not be unreasonably rejected.


13.      MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE

13.1     Upon execution of the Contract, each Party shall appoint an Operations
Manager and a representative for an Executive Committee.

13.2     The Operations Managers shall have overall responsibility for
monitoring performance and addressing any performance deficiencies under this
Contract. The Operations Managers shall meet as often as necessary and shall
respectively serve as each Party's chief coordinator to effect the purposes of
this Contract and to address resolution of disputes hereunder.  If any dispute
is not resolved for whatever reason within ten (10) days from the




                                      17
<PAGE>   21
commencement of dispute, either Operations Manager may refer the dispute to the
Executive Committee.

13.3     The Executive Committee shall meet by teleconference or in person, as
often as either Party may reasonably request for the purpose of reviewing high
level operational priorities and objectives related to this Contract and
resolving any disputes that arises under this Contract that has not been
resolved by the Operations Managers.  If the Executive Committee is unable to
resolve a dispute within fifteen (15) days after the initial request to resolve
such dispute is received by the Executive Committee, then either Party may
submit the matter for resolution as provided under Section 13.4 hereof.

13.4     This Contract shall be governed by and enforced in accordance with
California law.  Any controversy or claim arising out of or related to this
Agreement, or any breach thereof, shall be settled by binding arbitration,
conducted by a single mutually agreed-upon arbitrator in accordance with the
rules then obtaining of the American Arbitration Association.  Any such
arbitration shall be conducted in either Pocatello, Idaho, or Irvine,
California.  Judgment upon the award rendered in any such arbitration may be
entered in any state or federal court having jurisdiction thereof, and the
parties submit to the jurisdiction of such court for the limited purpose of
enforcement of any such judgment.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
which may now or hereafter be contained in the rules of the American
Arbitration Association, the parties agree as follows:  (i) each party will
bear its own costs of arbitration, including attorneys' fees; (ii) the
arbitrator will, upon the request of either party, issue a written opinion of
his/her findings of fact and conclusions of law; and, (iii) upon receipt by the
requesting party of a written opinion, such party will have the right within
ten (10) days thereof to file with the arbitrator a motion to reconsider, and
the arbitrator thereupon will reconsider the issues raised by said motion and
either confirm or change his/her decision which will then he final and
conclusive upon both parties hereto.  The costs of such a motion for
reconsideration and written opinion of the arbitrator will be borne by the
moving party.

13.5     Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and
irrespective of the existence of any dispute between the parties, AMI shall, if
commercially practicable, continue to provide to WDC, and WDC shall continue to
make timely payment to AMI for, all products and services upon the terms and
conditions hereof during the pendency of any such dispute.




                                      18
<PAGE>   22
14.      SUPPORT

14.1     Each Party shall provide without charge all engineering support
reasonably requested by the other Party to support initiation of AMI's
fabrication of any Device under this Contract.  Such reasonable engineering
support includes, but is not limited to, that which is normally provided in a
typical "foundry interface" by AMI, such as cooperative efforts to optimize
process test variables by comparing test results in split wafer lot
experiments, (provided that WDC pays AMI for such wafers), and by providing
such test program information, Device design information, sensitivities of
design to process variations or such other information as may be deemed helpful
in assessing and eliminating process problems.  All other unusual engineering
support requested by WDC, such as, but not limited to, those design services
normally provided, for charge, by AMI to customers of AMI's digital or
mixed-signal ASIC business areas (such as cell modeling and design) will be
subject to review of the individuals at WDC and AMI who are responsible for
this Contract and may be subject to "consultancy charges" as mutually agreed
upon by the Parties.

14.2     Subject to prior mutual agreement on payment of costs, experimental
wafer lots or split lot experiments with respect to any Device may be
processed, wafer probed, assembled into Devices and tested upon prior agreement
between the functional engineering organizations of both Parties.

14.3     Any such experimental lots or experiments requested by one Party in
writing shall be subject to the written approval by the other Party, which
approval shall not be unreasonably delayed or withheld.  Upon any such request
and approval, AMI and WDC agree to share costs of such lots or experiments in a
reasonable manner.

14.4     Each Party shall perform its respective tasks with respect to such
lots or experiments in a timely and prudent manner and shall properly document
results of the performance of such tasks and all engineering data with respect
thereto.  Any such results and data documented by one Party shall be
communicated to the other Party in a timely manner and shall be supplemented,
when deemed appropriate, with comparative control results or data with respect
to such Device relating to wafer processing, final wafer probe, assembly
yields, final device test and reliability operations.


15.      WARRANTY

15.1     AMI warrants that Devices:  have been processed according to AMI's
established standard processing requirements for such Devices; materially
conform to the mutually agreed-upon Wafer




                                      19
<PAGE>   23
Specification and the Die Specification; and  are otherwise free from defects
in material and workmanship at the time of shipment to WDC.  This warranty does
not apply to experimental or prototype Devices fabricated during prototype or
experimental operations, or to any Device having a design-related error, or to
any Device with respect to which subsequent investigation shows that the
WDC-defined test software was deficient or otherwise defective at the time of
final wafer probe of such Device at AMI's facility or to any Device if the
process information, processing instructions, mask data, finished wafer
inspection criteria, probe card information or any probe card with respect to
any device code supplied by WDC is defective such that defects may have
occurred or escaped detection without fault of AMI, or to assembled devices of
which Devices are a component and any detected defect on such Device is at
least in part related to assembly operations or techniques or is detected by a
device testing procedure which is not available on any mutually agreed-upon
test program specified for the testing of Devices at AMI's facility.

15.2     If any defect in material or workmanship or deviation from processing
requirements is suspected in any such Device to which the above warranty
applies, AMI and WDC shall cooperate in failure mode analysis of such suspect
Device and shall mutually determine whether such suspected defect or deviation
actually exists.

15.3     AMI and WDC shall in good faith mutually determine, based upon the
circumstances then existing, whether AMI will replace every AMI-confirmed
defective Device without charge, or refund or give credit for the purchase
price of every AMI-confirmed defective Device, provided: within a warranty
period expiring twelve (12) months after the date of shipment of the Device
from AMI, the Device exhibits the defect,  WDC notifies AMI in writing of the
claimed defect within thirty (30) days after WDC knows or reasonably should
know of the claimed defect; and mutually performed failure mode analysis or
examination of the Device discloses that the claimed defect actually exists.
If AMI elects to replace the defective Device, AMI shall ship Wafers with the
replacing Device F.O.B. origin, freight prepaid to WDC's destination.  Any
replaced Device shall become AMI's property.  The method of disposition of any
replaced Device shall be as mutually agreed by both Parties in writing.  In no
event shall AMI be responsible for final assembly, deinstallation or
reinstallation of any Devices, assemblies or apparatus of which such Devices
are components, or for the expenses thereof.

15.4     THE FOREGOING WARRANTY IS EXPRESSED IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES,
EXPRESSED, STATUTORY OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND OF ALL
OTHER OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITIES ON AMI'S PART, AND IT NEITHER ASSUMES NOR
AUTHORIZES




                                      20
<PAGE>   24
ANY OTHER PERSON TO ASSUME FOR AMI ANY OTHER LIABILITIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SALE OF DEVICES.  This warranty shall not apply to any Devices which shall have
been repaired or altered, except by AMI, or which shall have been subjected to
misuse, negligence, accident, improper transportation or improper storage.  The
aforementioned warranty provisions do not extend the original twelve (12) month
warranty period of any Device which has been repaired or replaced by AMI.

15.5     In no event shall AMI be liable for special, incidental or
consequential damages of any nature whatsoever (including without limitation
lost profits) regardless of the legal theory on which any such claim might be
made against AMI.


16.      GENERAL SALES TERMS

16.1     AMI shall properly pack, mark, and ship all Wafers or other items to
be delivered to WDC under this Contract as follows: A packing list shall
accompany each shipping package unit; Each packing list, bill of lading or
equivalent and invoice shall: identify every applicable WDC purchase order
number, and every device code of every Wafer being shipped; specify the
quantity being shipped, and the location to which Wafers or items are being
shipped; Each shipping package unit shall be properly marked with the
applicable order number(s).

16.2     AMI shall, through its quality organization, and in accordance with
AMI's standard incoming/outgoing wafer inspection procedures (AMI Document No.
5110006) inspect every lot to be delivered to WDC under this Contract.  AMI
shall support WDC with reasonably complete failure analysis reports on all WDC
returns, qualification unit failures, and reliability monitor failures
describing root cause and corrective action within  a reasonable period
following AMI's of receipt of purported failures.

16.3     The following are the criteria for acceptance of production lots of
Die and Wafers:  the Die Specifications;  the Wafer Specifications; mutually
agreed-upon  Device sort tests; and  mutually agreed-upon minimum Wafer Lot
Size and minimum percentages of die per Wafers.

16.4     Delivery terms on Wafers or other items to be delivered by AMI in
accord with every accepted order and under the terms and conditions of this
Contract shall be F.O.B. point of origin, freight collect, with title and risk
of loss passing to WDC when AMI delivers such Wafers or other items to the
carrier at the point of origin.  Where, in order to meet WDC's requests, AMI
ships or packs the Wafers or other items in other than its normal manner for
domestic shipment, additional billing may be rendered.




                                      21
<PAGE>   25
16.5     Any sales or similar tax which AMI shall be required to pay to or
collect for any government upon or with respect to services rendered or the
sale, use or delivery of the processed Wafers or other items shall be billed to
WDC as a separate billing item and paid by WDC, unless a valid exemption
certificate is furnished by WDC to AMI.


17.      TERM AND TERMINATION

17.1     Unless terminated sooner under Article 2 or this Article 17, the term
of this Contract shall be from the Effective Date until December 31, 1996 (the
"Term").

17.2     Notwithstanding any termination of this Contract, Articles  15 and 18
shall survive as well as any other provision of this Contract deemed necessary
to survive in order to ensure the specified provisions are given full force and
effect.

         If either Party commits a material breach of this Contract, then other
Party may give written notice of termination for material breach, and the
termination of the Contract shall be effective after thirty (30) days unless
the Party in breach has cured any such material breach.


18.      INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

18.1     "Confidential Information"  shall mean any trade secret (which may,
without limitation, include designs of Devices, layout data, and test programs
for testing Wafers and Devices, or any information, including a formula,
pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, or process, that:
derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being
generally known to the public or to other persons who can obtain economic value
from its disclosure or use; and is the subject of efforts that are reasonable
under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy) one Party (the "Disclosing
Party") discloses to the other Party (the "Receiving Party") pursuant to this
Contract either:

(a)      in a document (any written, graphic, machine readable, or other
tangible form) which is either


(1)      Marked "Confidential" or in some other manner to indicate its
confidential nature; or

(2)      a tape or electronic transfer of data that is expressly identified as
confidential by the Disclosing Party prior to




                                      22
<PAGE>   26
disclosure and is inherently known to have a confidential nature, such as a
tape for reticle generation, a netlist, a database for testing, etc.;

(b)      orally, provided that the Disclosing Party:

(1)      at the time of disclosure, expressly states that such orally disclosed
Trade Secret is confidential, and

(2)      within a reasonable time (not to exceed thirty (30) days) after its
oral disclosure, delivers to the Receiving Party a document marked as aforesaid
setting forth written confirmation of the prior oral confidential disclosure
and setting forth the Trade Secret so disclosed.

18.2     Except as required for the performance of this Contract, each Party
shall treat as confidential all Confidential Information of the other Party,
shall not use such Confidential Information and shall not disclose such
Confidential Information to any third party except as required for the
performance of this Contract, and subject to confidentiality obligations at
least as protective as those set forth herein.  Without limiting the foregoing,
the Receiving Party use at least the same degree of care which it uses to
prevent the disclosure of its own confidential information of like importance
(and no less than reasonable care) to prevent the disclosure of Confidential
Information disclosed to it by the Disclosing Party.

18.3     The Receiving Party has no obligation to refrain from  making a
disclosure of confidential information if such disclosure is:

         (a)     in response to a valid order of a court or other governmental
body of the United States or any political subdivision thereof; provided,
however, that the Receiving Party making the disclosure pursuant to the order
shall first have given prior written notice to the Disclosing Party so as to
permit the Disclosing Party to take such protective action as it deems
appropriate, including the seeking of a protective order requiring that the
information and/or documents so disclosed be used only for the purposes for
which the order was issued; or

         (b)     otherwise required by law, or

         (c)     necessary to establish rights under this Contract.

18.4     The Receiving Party has no obligation to refrain from either making a
disclosure of, or using any information that:

         (a)     is already in the possession of the Receiving Party without
obligation of confidence;




                                      23
<PAGE>   27
         (b)     is independently developed by the Receiving Party;

         (c)     is or becomes publicly available without breach of this
Contract;

         (d)     is rightfully received by the Receiving Party from a third
party; or.

         (e)     is intentionally disclosed by the Disclosing Party to a third
party without a confidentiality restriction.

18.5     The obligation to protect the Confidential Information shall survive
for three (3) years following the date of disclosure thereof under this
Contract, except that the obligation to protect the Confidential Information
concerning construction (including layout), operation, and testing of Devices
shall survive while WDC purchases such Devices from AMI, and shall not in any
event terminate earlier than three (3) years after the termination of this
Contract.

18.6     WDC shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless AMI against any damages,
expense or loss resulting from infringement of patents, copyrights, trademarks
or any other intellectual property right arising from compliance with WDC's
designs, specifications and/or instructions.  Except as provided in the
preceding sentence, AMI shall defend any suit or proceeding brought against WDC
to the extent that such suit or proceeding is based exclusively on a claim that
AMI's fabrication process constitutes an infringement of any United States
patent.  In no event shall AMI's total liability to WDC under this provision
exceed the aggregate sum paid by WDC to AMI for the allegedly infringing
products.  The foregoing states the entire liability of AMI for patent
infringement under this Contract.  THIS PROVISION IS STATED IN LIEU OF ANY
OTHER EXPRESSED, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT, AND SHALL
BE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR INFRINGEMENT OF ANY KIND.

18.7     WDC shall own the intellectual property rights pertaining to the
design of the Devices; however, AMI shall own the reticles obtained by AMI for
the purpose of supplying Devices to WDC under this Contract.

18.8     Notwithstanding anything in Section 18.2 to the contrary, and
notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any other agreement
between the Parties, and subject to Section 3.4, the Parties do not intend to
obligate WDC to refrain from using AMI's Design System or Standard Cells AMI
discloses to WDC; to the contrary, AMI hereby grants WDC an irrevocable (except
for uncured material breach of this Contract by WDC), worldwide, non-exclusive,
non-transferable, royalty-free license (without the right to sublicense) to
make and to have made and to sell or otherwise dispose of any integrated
circuit that either has been




                                      24
<PAGE>   28
designed using AMI's Design System or embodies any AMI Standard Cell, or both,
including the integrated circuits that shall constitute the Candidate
Production Chips and including any other integrated circuit that hereafter
during the Term hereof is designed (whether originally or as a derivative)
using AMI's Design System or embodies any AMI Standard Cell, or both.


19.      ENTIRE CONTRACT

         This Contract, and the Exhibits identified herein, constitute the
entire contract between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
All prior contracts between the parties, whether written or oral, express or
implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof, are canceled and
superseded.  All inconsistent and/or additional terms and conditions set forth
in any WDC purchase order or release, and all inconsistent and/or additional
terms and conditions set forth in any AMI acceptance or acknowledgement of
purchase order, are canceled and superseded by this Contract.  The
interpretation of this Contract may not be explained or supplemented by any
course of dealing or performance.



IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Contract to be signed and
accepted by their duly authorized representatives as of the day and year first
above written.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
"AMI"                                      "WDC"
AMERICAN MICROSYSTEMS, INC.                WESTERN DIGITAL CORPORATION

<S>      <C>                               <C>
By:      CONRAD WREDBERG                   By:     KEN HENDRICKSON
         ------------------                        -----------------------------
         (Signature)                               (Signature)

         Conrad Wredberg                           Ken Hendrickson
         ------------------                        -----------------------------
         (Printed Name)                            (Printed Name)

         President and CEO                         Executive Vice President/G.M.
         ------------------                        -----------------------------
         (Title)                                   (Title)
</TABLE>




                                      25
<PAGE>   29


                                   EXHIBIT A


1.  WAFER CAPACITIES, WAFER PRICES, and LEADTIMES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
CALENDAR                  Q394             Q494    Q195     Q295    Q395     Q495    Q196     Q296    Q396     Q496
                          ----             ----    ----     ----    ----     ----    ----     ----    ----     ----
<S>                                                                 <C>
WSPW CAPACITY
- - -------------
"EQUIVALENT
WAFERS"                                                             *
</TABLE>

NOTE: The term "Equivalent Wafers" shall mean a number of wafers, whether some
or all are DLM wafers and whether some or all are TLM wafers, and shall be
computed by adding the number of DLM wafers to the number resulting from
multiplying the number of TLM wafers by 1.25.  For example, if WDC orders 500
DLM wafers and 400 TLM wafers, this corresponds to [500 + (1.25)(400)] = 1000
Equivalent Wafers.

The following table lists the maximum capacity limit in WSPW if all wafers
ordered were to be DLM:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
CALENDAR                  Q394             Q494    Q195     Q295    Q395     Q495    Q196     Q296    Q396     Q496
                          ----             ----    ----     ----    ----     ----    ----     ----    ----     ----
<S>                                                                 <C>
DLM(WSPW)                                                           *
</TABLE>

The following table lists the maximum capacity limit in WSPW if all wafers
ordered were to be TLM:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
CALENDAR                  Q394             Q494    Q195     Q295    Q395     Q495    Q196     Q296    Q396     Q496
                          ----             ----    ----     ----    ----     ----    ----     ----    ----     ----
<S>                                                <C>              <C>
TLM(WSPW)                                                           *

Q'ly TLM                                           10,400/Quarter, Q295 - Q496
</TABLE>
* As for Q295, the Parties shall determine by December 31, 1994, the WSPW
quantities for DLM and TLM subject to a cap of 1000 Equivalent WSPW.


<TABLE>
<S>                       <C>                                       <C>
*                         *                                         *

LEADTIMES
DLM FAB                                                             *
TLM FAB                                                             *
PROBE                                                               *
BACKGRIND                                                           *
POLYIMIDE                                                           *

Standard
Lead Times:
DLM                                                                 *
TLM                                                                 *
</TABLE>





* Confidential Treatment

                                       1
<PAGE>   30
2.  NRE CHARGES:  *  * (Tooling) + * (Engineering Lot Charge) 
              * per plate in the event of an ECO to a given reticle set

3.  LOT EXPEDITE CHARGES:  Expedite Lot: */Lot @ 27 calendar days 
                          Hot Hand-Carry Lot:  */Lot @ 21 calendar days

4.  WAFER PROBE CHARGE ("WPC"):  */Wafer

         The Parties have agreed upon the amount of this charge based upon a
plan to use a Trillium Tester that is expected to probe wafers at the rate of
10 wafers/hr.  If the average rate of probing wafers under this Contract
materially changes, the Parties shall re-negotiate the Wafer Probe Charge.  In
addition, WDC may want to consign certain test equipment to AMI for AMI to use
in probe testing of Wafers made under this Contract.  The Parties shall
negotiate in good faith a reduction in the Wafer Probe Charge based upon any
such consignment.

5.  WAFER BACKGRIND CHARGE ("WBC"):        */Wafer (based upon flatness w/i 10
                                           microns.)

         The Parties have agreed upon the amount of this charge based upon a
plan to use an independent contractor to backgrind the wafers.  If the average
actual cost of backgrinding wafers under this Contract materially changes, the
Parties shall re-negotiate the Wafer Backgrind Charge.

6.  APPLICABLE ADDER CHARGES ("AAC"):

         (a)     POLYIMIDE ADDER: * per wafer.  Incremental NRE for a new
design before plates are made is * (one Plate), or * (two plates) after plates
are made.

         (b)     POLYCIDE ADDER: * per wafer.  An adjustment to the standard
die yield references (Exhibit C) will be determined by the parties at the time
of implementation.

         (c)     SALICIDE ADDER: To be negotiated.







* Confidential Treatment

                                       2
<PAGE>   31

                                   EXHIBIT B
                       4-CORNER TEST / EXPERIMENTAL LOTS



1.  PURPOSE OF 4-CORNER EXPERIMENTAL LOT

         The purpose of the 4-corner test of a Device is to verify that the
Device functions properly throughout normal expected variations in the DC
electrical results deriving from AMI process(es).  This will be accomplished by
varying the gate channel length and the threshold voltage as described below.


2.  DESCRIPTION

         The 4-corner test shall be designed so that the following DC
electrical results are achieved:

<TABLE>
<S>      <C>     <C>      <C>                   <C>
SPLIT    Vtn(v)  Vtp(v)   Leff (micron m)       Nominal Values:

                          *
</TABLE>

3.  EVALUATION

         The experimental lots shall be evaluated by subjecting them to normal
AMI DC electrical tests (MAP) and probe tests.  In some cases, WDC may require
final electrical tests following package assembly to complete the evaluation.
The evaluation shall be judged completed when the following criteria are
satisfied:
  a.     AMI MAP tests demonstrate the electrical targets defined in Section 2
         (above) have been met to the satisfaction of AMI.  If such targets
         have not been met, AMI may at its expense repeat the experiment up to
         a limit of three (3) attempts.
  b.     Probe tests have been completed and it is shown through the use of the
         Student T-Test that none of the 4 experimental splits is significantly
         different from the nominal split to a confidence level of 90%.
  c.     If desired by WDC, final electrical tests have been completed and it
         is shown through the use of the Student T-Test that none of the 4
         experimental splits is significantly different from the nominal split
         to a confidence level of 90%.
Criteria listed above may be waived or altered by mutual consent of both
Parties.


4.  RESPONSIBILITY

  a.     AMI shall be responsible for designing, executing, and DC electrical
         testing of these experiment lots.





* Confidential Treatment

                                       1
<PAGE>   32

  b.     Probe tests may be performed at either AMI or WDC.  WDC shall be
         responsible for evaluation of the probe results.

  c.     Final electrical tests (if required) shall be performed and evaluated
         by WDC.


5.  APPROVAL

         The subject WDC-designed Device shall be deemed to have passed the
4-Corner Experimental Tests based upon the satisfactory completion of the tests
and evaluations described above.  Subject to the requirements of Section 4.4
having been met, WDC's final decision to transition the Device to Die Pricing
shall rest with the WDC Operations Manager.







                                       2
<PAGE>   33

                                    EXHIBIT C
                          STANDARD DIE YIELD REFERENCE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                         TLM DO = *.*         DLM DO = *.*
     DIE SIDE #                  AREA #      GROSS                   NET                  NET
        MILS          CM          CM2        DIE ##     YIELD       D/W##    YIELD       D/W##
        <S>         <C>          <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>     <C>          <C>
        300         0.762        0.581        125       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        305         0.775        0.600        123       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        310         0.787        0.620        121       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        315         0.800        0.640        119       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        320         0.813        0.661        117       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        325         0.826        0.681        115       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        330         0.838        0.703        113       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        335         0.851        0.724        111       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        340         0.864        0.746        109       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        345         0.876        0.768        107       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        350         0.889        0.790        105       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        355         0.902        0.813        103       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        360         0.914        0.836        101       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        365         0.927        0.860        100       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        370         0.940        0.883         98       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        375         0.953        0.907         96       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        380         0.965        0.932         94       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        385         0.978        0.956         92       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        390         0.991        0.981         90       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        395         1.003        1.007         88       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        400         1.016        1.032         86       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        405         1.029        1.058         84       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        410         1.041        1.085         83       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        415         1.054        1.111         81       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        420         1.067        1.138         79       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        425         1.080        1.165         77       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        430         1.092        1.193         76       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        435         1.105        1.221         74       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        440         1.118        1.249         72       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        445         1.130        1.278         70       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        450         1.143        1.306         69       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        455         1.156        1.336         67       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        460         1.168        1.365         66       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        465         1.181        1.395         64       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        470         1.194        1.425         62       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        475         1.207        1.456         61       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        480         1.219        1.486         59       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        485         1.232        1.518         58       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        490         1.245        1.549         56       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        495         1.257        1.581         55       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        500         1.270        1.613         53       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        505         1.283        1.645         52       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        510         1.295        1.678         51       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        515         1.308        1.711         49       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        520         1.321        1.745         48       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        525         1.334        1.778         47       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        530         1.346        1.812         45       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        535         1.359        1.847         44       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        540         1.372        1.881         43       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        545         1.384        1.916         41       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        550         1.397        1.952         40       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        555         1.410        1.987         39       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        560         1.422        2.023         38       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        565         1.435        2.060         37       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        570         1.448        2.096         36       **.*%        **      **.*%        **
        575         1.461        2.133         35       **.*%        **      **.*%        ** 
</TABLE>

#        Based on center-of-scribe to center-of-scribe measurements
##       Gross and net die will be adjusted for any non-die fileds stepped on
         the wafer resulting in a reduced gross die count
###      Actual gross die based on completed reticles may be used for net die
         calculations




* Confidential treatment

<PAGE>   34


                                    EXHIBIT C
                          STANDARD DIE YIELD REFERENCE

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                        TLM DO = *.*          DLM DO = *.*
     DIE SIDE #                  AREA #      GROSS                 NET                    NET
        MILS          CM          CM2        DIE ##   YIELD       D/W##     YIELD        D/W##
        <S>         <C>          <C>          <C>     <C>          <C>       <C>          <C>
        300         0.762        0.581        125     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        305         0.775        0.600        123     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        310         0.787        0.620        121     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        315         0.800        0.640        119     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        320         0.813        0.661        117     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        325         0.826        0.681        115     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        330         0.838        0.703        113     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        335         0.851        0.724        111     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        340         0.864        0.746        109     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        345         0.876        0.768        107     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        350         0.889        0.790        105     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        355         0.902        0.813        103     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        360         0.914        0.836        101     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        365         0.927        0.860        100     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        370         0.940        0.883         98     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        375         0.953        0.907         96     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        380         0.965        0.932         94     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        385         0.978        0.956         92     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        390         0.991        0.981         90     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        395         1.003        1.007         88     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        400         1.016        1.032         86     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        405         1.029        1.058         84     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        410         1.041        1.85          83     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        415         1.054        1.111         81     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        420         1.067        1.138         79     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        425         1.080        1.165         77     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        430         1.092        1.193         76     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        435         1.105        1.221         74     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        440         1.118        1.249         72     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        445         1.130        1.278         70     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        450         1.143        1.306         69     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        455         1.156        1.336         67     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        460         1.168        1.365         66     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        465         1.181        1.395         64     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        470         1.194        1.425         62     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        475         1.207        1.456         61     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        480         1.219        1.486         59     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        485         1.232        1.518         58     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        490         1.245        1.549         56     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        495         1.257        1.581         55     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        500         1.270        1.613         53     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        505         1.283        1.645         52     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        510         1.295        1.678         51     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        515         1.308        1.711         49     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        520         1.321        1.745         48     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        525         1.334        1.778         47     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        530         1.346        1.812         45     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        535         1.359        1.847         44     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        540         1.372        1.881         43     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        545         1.384        1.916         41     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        550         1.397        1.952         40     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        555         1.410        1.987         39     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        560         1.422        2.023         38     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        565         1.435        2.060         37     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        570         1.448        2.096         36     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
        575         1.461        2.133         35     **.*%        **        **.*%        **
</TABLE>

#        Based on center-of-scribe to center-of-scribe measurements
##       Gross and net die will be adjusted for any non-die fileds stepped on
         the wafer resulting in a reduced gross die count
###      Actual gross die based on completed reticles may be used for net die
         calculations





* Confidential treatment
<PAGE>   35




                                   EXHIBIT D


                     CHANGE ORDER/CANCELLATION COMPENSATION
                 (See Section 10.3 and Exhibit "A" of Contract)


                 WORK IN PROCESS (W.I.P.) CANCELLATION CHARGES



<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AMI "DLM" FAB STEP                                          CANCELLATION CHARGES
            <S>                                             <C>
            *                                               *  OF WAFER UWP
            *                                               *  OF WAFER UWP
            *                                               *  OF WAFER UWP
            *                                               *  OF WAFER UWP
</TABLE>




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
AMI "TLM" FAB STEP                                          CANCELLATION CHARGES
            <S>                                             <C>
            *                                               *  OF WAFER UWP
            *                                               *  OF WAFER UWP
            *                                               *  OF WAFER UWP
            *                                               *  OF WAFER UWP
</TABLE>










* Confidential Treatment

                                       1
<PAGE>   36


                                   EXHIBIT E
                     LIST OF SPECIFICATIONS AND "QUAL MEMO"

Specifications:

         QC000082 Rev 01
         QC000159 Rev 02
         QC000175 Rev A0
         RL000100 Rev J0
         QC020016 Rev 01









                                       1
<PAGE>   37

                                  EXHIBIT E


[WESTERN DIGITAL LOGO/LETTERHEAD]



SUBJECT:         QUALIFICATION PLAN FOR AMI CW (0.8 MICRON) DIFFUSION PROCESS
FROM:            J.K. WANG
DEPARTMENT:      MCP QUALITY
DATE:            JUNE 16, 1994

WD QUALIFICATION PLAN:

         The following reliability qualification plan is laid out based on the
assumption that CW TLM diffusion process will be loaded first. It is assumed
that neither polycide nor salicide process is required for
********************. This plan is subject to change if polycide process is
required for porting existing WD design to the AMI foundry.

WHAT IS COVERED IN THE QUALIFICATION?:

         Ideally, to perform a full qualification of a process, one or several
vehicles that include all the library cells in CW technology and cover all the
features allowed by the CW design rules (e.g. stacked vias ?) need to be
available. AMI needs to provide to WD the list of library cells and design
rules that are not covered by SEC chips. In addition, any new cells or allowed
design rule deviations (*****************) that are not covered by SEC need to
be listed to WD Reliability and the plan to address alternate qualification
method for these new cells or features must be provided by AMI before July 15,
1994.

         Without cell and rule information about SEC as discussed above, WD
Reliability proposes R2 qualification of CW (0.8 micron) diffusion process
using two AMI SEC lots. Passing R2 read points for all the stresses permits R2
release of the process only, not the whole cell library or design rule.
Reliability plan addressing the differential features between SEC and CW cell
library, between SEC and *************** need to be provided by AMI. The work
necessary to address all such differential features must be complete by *.

         For R3 release, two conditions need to be met. One is that these SEC
lots plus one WD ************* device lot of 370 units need to pass R3 read
points. The other is that the process infant mortality as demonstrated by
*************** chips or comparable AMI devices needs to be below 2000 PPM.
WD's goal is to receive products that are less than ***************. AMI needs
to provide infant mortality improvement plan and monitor the infant mortality
trend on bi-weekly basis.

         SEC and *************** qualification lots require HTOL, environmental
stresses, ESD and latchup, etc. Reliability stress conditions should be the
same between SEC and WD code(s). Since WD *************** devices consist of
random logic with analog contents and are much more difficult to debug any
reliability failure than SEC, AMI's is requested to adopt our stress condition
instead of their sequential stress method.





* Confidential treatment

<PAGE>   38

                                EXHIBIT E

         The following summarizes the reliability tests and the sample size per
lot required for CW process qualification:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
STRESS NAME                       STRESS DURATION                  REJECT/SAMPLE/LOT            CYCLE TIME
- - ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                               <C>                                      <C>                  <C>
HTOL                              48hrs 168hrs 500hrs 1000hrs              *******              2 mo
(6.5V,125 degrees C, dynamic)                                              *******
HTS (150 degrees C)               168hrs 500hrs 1000hrs                    *******              2 mo
TC(-65 degrees C/150 degrees C)   300cyc 600cyc                            *******              2.5 wks
TS(-55 degrees C/125 degrees C)   100cyc                                   *******              1 wk
pressure cooker                   96hrs 240hrs                             *******              1.5 wks
THB                               168hrs 500hrs 1000hrs                    *******              2 mo
bond strength                                                              *******              1 day
ESD, 2000V/1200V/600V                                                      *******              1 wk
Latchup 100mA (DC ramp, 125C)                                              *******              2 days
Hot carrier                                                                *******              days
Electromigration                                                           *******              hrs to wks
Construction analysis                                                      *******              3 wks
</TABLE>

          Table I Reliability Test Plan for 0.8 micron CW Diffusion Process.

Note:

1)       Boldface: R2 requirement (production release) (A/W): AMI performs on
         TLM SEC, WD performs on WD code ***************.  Total sample for
         each lot is about 370 units not including EM, hot carrier or
         construction analysis. One wafer or 10 packaged devices can be used
         for construction analysis (A): AMI performs this test (W): WD performs
         this test.
2)       All functional failures need to be baked at 150 degrees C for 24
         hours and re-tested. If passing re-test, the failures are considered 
         bake recoverable. Bake recoverable defects require special analysis
         procedure that needs to be discussed later between AMI and WD. If
         failed re-test, the failures are routed to failure analysis.
3)       prerequisite: AMI needs to have TLM SEC design and mask sets complete.
4)       If latchup is performed at room temperature using JEDEC pulse method,
         it should pass 250 mA.
5)       Constant current stressing for electromigration ************ and
         *********** data (fit to lognormal distribution) should be provided to
         WD.1
6)       WD need to know if SEC includes all the ESD buffers related to 1, O,
         I/O, pull up, pull down and tri-state buffers. AMI has indicated that
         0.8 micron DLM gate array test chip passed ************ protection 
         for pin leakage except for Idd current due to core circuit damage, 
         and it passed pin leakage and Idd current for ************. AMI 
         indicated that any product designed in the CWx technology is assured 
         of having better than ************ ESD immunity2. AMI needs to report 
         whether this gate array data applies to standard cell or custom TLM3.

<TABLE>
<S><C>                            <C>                       <C>
cc: ************                  *************             *************
    ************                  *************             *************
    ************                  *************             *************
    ************                  *************             *************
</TABLE>

****:                   
1   **********************************************************
2   ****************************************************************************
    ***************************
3   **********************************************************





<PAGE>   39



                                   EXHIBIT F
           TERMS AND CONDITIONS CONCERNING DESIGN SERVICES ACTIVITIES

This Exhibit sets forth AMI's analysis of the support required in order to help
WDC successfully implement both Enterprise and Horizon (the "First Devices")
during the Qualification Phase of this Contract.

There are three basic categories of activity:

         1.      Software Tools and Services
         2.      Engineering Services
         3.      Back End Support

Within these activities there are deliverables such as the actual software for
category 1, the circuit description and physical data on the custom cells AMI
develops for category 2 and sorted, assembled and tested parts for category 3.

Deliverables are priced on a stand-alone basis.  Services are quoted as a fixed
dollar amount based on assumptions as to the time and effort required for such
things as the development of special cells, but "rates" for engineering time
are shown also in the event that engineering effort required extends beyond the
scope of the assumptions used.  AMI's assumptions are shown below:

ASSUMPTIONS:

1.       A Technical Program Manager (TPM) will be required full time for six
months, half time for the next six months and part time thereafter (this person
is Barry West).  If needed beyond six months, the TPM can be made available on
a full time basis.

2.       Dedicated support from San Jose based Field Applications Engineers
(FAE) equal to one-third time through "tape out" on both Horizon and
Enterprise.

3.       Development of the special cells (22 as of Effective Date) is
estimated at 16 man weeks and with concurrent engineering in Pocatello is
estimated to take a total span of 10 calendar weeks.

4.       Engineering training will be required of AMI engineering both on site
in Mountain View and in Pocatello.

CATEGORY 1 - SOFTWARE TOOLS & SERVICES:

Deliverables include:  H-spice models, Verilog simulation models, IKOS
simulation models, physical models, Design Kit (libraries, 5-corner simulation
tools, Enhanced Design Utilities, optimization tools), Access Design Tools,
process target intrinsic parameters and design rules.




                                       1
<PAGE>   40

         Cost:            *
         -       training and installation at below listed rates
         -       installation at locations other than Mountain View not included
         -       number of "seats" to be determined by WDC


ENGINEERING SERVICES:

Weekly rate for AMI engineering at their home site:  *
Weekly rate for Pocatello engineering in Mt. View:   *

Development of afore-
mentioned special cells:          *
Technical Program Manager:        *
                                  *
                                  *
Dedicated FAE support:            *
Layout Engineering:               *


BACK-END SUPPORT

Assembly of 30 Ceramic prototypes                  *

Assembly of 100 Plastic samples                    *

Test - hardware and execution                      *
(WDC to do test development)

Test - per tester hour                             *

In addition to providing the prototypes and samples as mentioned above (which
are already included in the dollar value set forth below) and according to
Section 2.8 of the Wafer and Die Purchase Contract, AMI will run two full lots
at no charge to WD, excluding assembly and test except for a "reasonable number
of devices" per Section 2.8(a), on the basis of a standard priority.  Any
expedite charges will be additional according to Exhibit A of the Contract.

WDC shall place a purchase order for the following items immediately, which AMI
will call "initial NRE."


Software deliverables                              *
Development of special cells                       *
Technical Program Manager and
dedicated FAE support                              *
Protos & samples of the First Devices              *
                                                   *

Milestone payments of the "initial NRE" shown above will be billed to WDC
according to the following schedule:



* Confidential Treatment

                                       2
<PAGE>   41


         Start of Project (already past)                    *
         * "tape out"                                       *

         * "tape out"                                       *
         Ceramic * working sample approval                  *
         Ceramic * working sample approval                  *


Additional purchase orders may be necessary for separate items as they become
necessary.  Any effort expended or charges which will be incurred in excess of
those listed above should be mutually discussed and agreed upon by AMI and WDC
before such effort is expended and charges are incurred.

PROPOSED DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULE

AMI will use its commercially reasonable best efforts to achieve the following
schedules:


         Milestones                        *                                 *

         Release to Layout                 *                                 *
         Tape Out                          *                                 *
         Wafers out of Fab                 *                                 *
         30 Ceramic Protos                 *                                 *
         100 Plastic Samples               *                                 *











* Confidential Treatment

                                       3
<PAGE>   42





                                    EXHIBIT G

                             SCHEDULE OF MILESTONES





<PAGE>   43
                                                                     Page 2 of 8
                                  EXHIBIT G


AMI Process Qual Schedule


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Description                             Weeks               Estm. Completion Date
- - -----------                             -----               ---------------------
<S>                                     <C>                        <C>
SEC LOT #1

Fab out                                 28 - 33                     8/14
Sort                                    33 - 34                     8/21
Assembly                                34 - 37                     9/11
1000 hours of life                      37 - 48                    11/13
1000 hours of storage life              37 - 45                     11/8

SEC LOT #2

Fab out                                 28 - 35                     8/28
Sort                                    35 - 36                      9/4
Assembly                                36 - 39                     9/25
1000 hours of life                      39 - 48                    11/27
1000 hours of storage life              39 - 47                    11/20

SEC LOT #3

Fab out                                 28 - 37                     9/11
Sort                                    37 - 38                     9/16
Assembly                                38 - 41                     10/9
1000 hours of life                      41 - 50                    12/11
1000 hours of storage life              41 - 49                     12/4
</TABLE>





* Confidential treatment
<PAGE>   44
                                                                     Page 3 of 8
                                    EXHIBIT G          


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     ID                    TASK NAME                  DURATION   START     FINISH     % COMP.
     <S>    <C>                                          <C>      <C>       <C>        <C>
      1     CELL 3 LIBRARY CREATION                      *        ***       ***        100%
      2        Define Metal Pitch                        *        ***       ***        100%
      3        Create Initial library                    *        ***       ***        100%
      4        Create LEF Timing File                    *        ***       ***        100%
      5        Timing Added to library                   *        ***       ***        100%
      6        Test Routes complete                      *        ***       ***        100%
      7        Missing cell investigation                *        ***       ***        100%
      8     Update data files                            *        ***       ***        100%
      9     Copy ESD memo to WD                          *        ***       ***        100%
     10     Die size estimation                          *        ***       ***        100%
     11     Die size estimation program for WD           *        ***       ***        100%
     12     CUSTOM CALL REQUESTS                         *        ***       ***         56%
     13        Research schedule reduction               *        ***       ***        100%
     14        6 I/O cells for ************              *        ***       ***        100%   
     15        6 I/O cells on workstations               *        ***       ***        100%
     16        Release cells to WD                       *        ***       ***          0%
     17        Analog input with protection              *        ***       ***         50%
     18        IO83X6 for ************                   *        ***       ***        100%
     19        2 core cells for ************             *        ***       ***        100%
     20        2 core cells on workstation               *        ***       ***        100%
     21        Release to WD                             *        ***       ***          0%
     22        Preliminary cell development              *        ***       ***         85%
     23        14 Preliminary cells on workstations      *        ***       ***          0%
     24        All preliminary models released           *        ***       ***          0%
     25        14 I/O cells for ************             *        ***       ***         20%
     26        14 Final I/O cells on workstations        *        ***       ***          0%
     27        All physical and final models             *        ***       ***          0%
     28     CWX3V LIBRARY                                *        ***       ***         95%
     29        3V Characterization                       *        ***       ***        100%
     30         3V library creation                      *        ***       ***        100%
     31        Addition to mission cells                 *        ***       ***         75%
     32     Delay Calculator problems                    *        ***       ***        100%
     33     FIFO INVESTIGATION                           *        ***       ***         75%
     34        Simulation                                *        ***       ***         50%
     35        Layout                                    *        ***       ***        100%
     36     ROM DATA                                     *        ***       ***        100%
     37        Models                                    *        ***       ***        100%
     38        Physical                                  *        ***       ***        100%
</TABLE>                                                   





* Confidential Treatment
<PAGE>   45
                                                                     Page 4 of 8
                              EXHIBIT G

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
     ID                    TASK NAME                  DURATION   START     FINISH     % COMP.        
     <S>    <C>                                           <C>     <C>       <C>        <C>           
     39     SAMPLE PACKAGES                               *       ***       ***         78%         
     40        208 pln pkg                                *       ***       ***        100%
     41        240 pln pkg                                *       ***       ***         75%
     42     PLI - Vector Issues                           *       ***       ***        100%
     43     Missing I/O's (3)                             *       ***       ***        100%
     44     Recommended ************ Clock Structure      *       ***       ***        100%
     45     Unrecognized resistor problem                 *       ***       ***        100%
     46     LPE netlist extraction investigation          *       ***       ***        100%
     47     LPE flow creation                             *       ***       ***        100%
     48     Update LPE rules for TLM                      *       ***       ***        100%
     49     3 sigma vs 2 sigma investigation              *       ***       ***        100%
     50     Get GDS utilities to WD                       *       ***       ***        100%
     51     AcrCell routing density study                 *       ***       ***        100%
     52     Metal migration relaxation results            *       ***       ***        100%
     53     TD02 and TD03 to WD                           *       ***       ***        100%
     54     Power Equation accuracy data                  *       ***       ***        100%
     55     TEST PROGRAM                                  *       ***       ***          0%
     56        Test Engineer assigned                     *       ***       ***          0%
     57     ************                                  *       ***       ***          2%
     58        Netlist to AMI for parallel layout         *       ***       ***          0%
     59        Power Pad investigation                    *       ***       ***          0%
     60        Custom block abstracts to AMI              *       ***       ***        100%
     61        AMI parallel layout                        *       ***       ***          2%
     62        Release to layout                          *       ***       ***          0%
     63        Layout                                     *       ***       ***          0%
     64        Tape out                                   *       ***       ***          0%
     65        Fabrication of wafers                      *       ***       ***          0%
     66        Wafers out of Fab                          *       ***       ***          0%
     67        30 Ceramic protos                          *       ***       ***          0%
     68        100 Plastic samples                        *       ***       ***          0%
     69     ************                                  *       ***       ***          0%
     70        Release to layout                          *       ***       ***          0%
     71        Layout                                     *       ***       ***          0%
     72        Tape out                                   *       ***       ***          0%
     73        Fabrication of Wafers                      *       ***       ***          0%
     74        30 Ceramic protos                          *       ***       ***          0%
     75        100 Plastic samples                        *       ***       ***          0%
</TABLE>                                                  





* Confidential treatment
<PAGE>   46
                                                                     Page 5 of 8

                                     EXHIBIT G

1        CALL 3 LIBRARY CREATION
         6/14/94 - Task completed except test routes.  Behind schedule due to
         other commitments.  Toan Ly has received initial library with timing.
         6/17/94  - Unable to update status of test routes due to inability to
         contact J. Seymour.
         7/6/94 - complete except for a few missing cells which have been
         provided by WD

6        TEST ROUTES COMPLETE
         6/24/94 - Jim Seymour will deliver final Cell 3 libraries to Toan Ly
         today.  He will also train Toan on processing new cells and using the
         library.

7        MISSING CELL INVESTIGATION
         6/17/94 - Unable to contact J. Seymour to discuss missing cells.
         6/24/94 - Jim fixed missing core cells.  Barry delivered the missing
         I/O cells to Toan on 6/22/94.

10       DIE SIZE ESTIMATION
         7/8/94 - Current die size estimate for ************ mils/side.

11       DIE SIZE ESTIMATION PROGRAM FOR WD
         6/17/94 - Trying to get a formula of simple spreadsheet to WD for die
         size estimations.
         6/22/94 - Still trying to get program.
         6/24/94 - Program mailed to Marty Jain on 6/23/94 and he will deliver
         to WD when he gets it.

13       RESEARCH SCHEDULE REDUCTION
         6/17/94 - Proposal is to release preliminary models which will be
         incrementally replaced with final models as they are completed.
         Preliminary models will be produced without backannotation and will
         have some degree of inaccuracy.  Investigation is underway to
         determine the scope of the inaccuracy.

14       6 I/O CELLS FOR *************
         6/13/94 - Delay due to misinterpreted spec on ************.  Pull-up
         was left out on initial version.
         6/17/94 - Delay due to confusion on PCI spec.  AMI designed internal
         design, WD wanted pull-up and schmitt.  Since AMI cannot meet PCI spec
         for VIH and VIL with schmitt, Terry Wu agreed to a design with no
         schmitt but with a pull-up.  Design was produced and completed on
         6/17/94.

16       RELEASE CALLS TO WD
         6/17/94 - Completed 4 days behind schedule due to issues discussed in
         item 14.

17       ANALOG INPUT WITH PROTECTION
         7/8/94 - WD has requested and analog direct core input with ESD
         protection added.  The cell will provide direct analog input to the
         core with a range of VSS to VDD.  If a signal with a voltage over VDD
         is applied, the protection will clamp the signal back to VDD.  The
         cell development should not effect previous cell development
         commitments since it is a layout project only.  An existing cell
         (PP04X) will be used in the layout until this cell can be finished.

18       I083X6 FOR ***********
         7/13/94 - Request for this cell has potential schedule impact of 2
         days on the *********** cells.  Wallace Kou of WD was informed of this
         potential impact on 7/8/94 by Marty Jain.

19       2 CORE CELLS FOR ************
         6/15/94 - ITA4 cell designed and layout started.  DLY8_2_3 cell design
         has begun.
         6/17/94 - Cells completed on schedule even when PCI redesign
         conflicted with schedule.  Thanks to Y. Zhang and J. Witt.

21       RELEASE TO WD
         6/17/94 - Completed on time.

22       PRELIMINARY CELL DEVELOPMENT

* Confidential treatment
<PAGE>   47
                                                                     Page 6 of 8


                                  EXHIBIT G

         6/22/94 - First schematic drawn and DC characteristics measured.
         Schematic is given to WD for approval.
         6/24/94 - AC and DC characteristics of first schematic have been
         measured and given to WD for approval.  Now that specs are understood
         by AMI and methodology for designing the cells has been established,
         the rest of the cells should progress faster.
         6/29/94 - All 6ma, 4ma, 16ma and all level shifter schematics are
         complete.  These will be delivered to WD by Barry West during site
         visit on 6/30/94.  This project remains on schedule.
         7/6/94 - All schematics are complete.  They are waiting for WD
         approval.  This project remains on schedule.
         7/8/94 - Timing views for first device are under development.  Still
         waiting approval of schematics from WD.
         7/13/94 - Timing views almost complete.  Still waiting for WD to
         approve schematics.  AMI is assuming they ore OK.  WD has been
         provided with HSPICE files for all cells.

25       14 I/O CELLS FOR **********
         6/22/94 - This task pertains to layout and final model generation.
         7/6/94 - First cell is in layout at DRC/LVS verification.  Protection
         structure for WIDX and WSIX cells is under development.
         7/13/94 - Four cells are completed in layout.  The lack of schematic
         approval from WD is becoming critical in the ability of AMI to finish
         this test on time.  AMI has assumed that the schematics are OK and
         continued with layout.  If some schematics are rejected by WD that are
         already finished in layout, it will impact the schedule.  Wallace Kou
         and Andy Anderson will be notified by phone of this problem today.

30       3V LIBRARY CREATION
         6/17/94 - Task competed on time.  Thanks to Y. Zhang, M. Willis, and
         R. Ray.
         6/22/94 - Libraries were not produced on ***********.  Should be done
         by 6/23/94.

33       FIFO INVESTIGATION
         6/10/94 - Awaiting input from WD on FIFO.
         6/17/94 - Cell level netlist received.  Still trying to contact Jason
         Trinh to find out exactly what is to be done on this investigation.
         6/22/94 - Task is proceeding after discussions with Jason.

34       SIMULATION
         6/22/94 - Netlist received.  Converting to AMI format.  Waiting for
         vectors for simulation.  They have been promised to AMI by 6/24/94.
         6/29/94 - It was discovered that the netlist originally given to AMI
         was not the same netlist that WD was using.  The cell and net counts
         were about 400 too low on the netlist AMI had.  A new netlist was
         received by Barry West on 6/28/94.  Vectors received on 6/27/94.  This
         caused a restart of the simulation.
         7/6/94 - Simulation has begun of netlist.  A synthesized netlist of
         the design with all MUX cells removed has about 4000 less gates.  AMI
         will try to prove the simulation that it is functionally equivalent.
         If it is, AMI will recommit its use over the original design
         containing MUX's.
         7/13/94 - Simulation is underway.

35       LAYOUT
         6/29/94 - Test layouts completed for both old and new netlist of FIFO.
         Cell densities were low on this netlist and concern about the
         routability of the AMI libraries were expressed by WD.  After some
         evaluation of the netlist for the FIFO by Barry West, it was
         discovered that almost 50% of the gate count of the design was the
         largest cell in the library (MX81).  Given this fact and the fact that
         the design has a large pin per net ratio (over 4), AMI feels that this
         is not a fair test case to determine the routability of the library.
         AMI will replace the MX81 cell with logic to create a fair test case.
         WD and AMI will them be able to route the new design to test
         routability.
         7/6/94 - Still attempting to route new design without MUX cells and
         verify that it is functionally the same.
         7/8/94 - Route of FIFO without MUX's is complete.  AMI got it down to
         6.6 mm2 with a cell density of 590 cells per mm2.  AMI feels this is
         a good density based on the high net count for the FIFO.  AMI will
         recommend to WD that


* Confidential treatment
<PAGE>   48
                                                                     Page 7 of 8

                               EXHIBIT G

         they use the new FIFO block pending the simulation results which
         should prove that the new FIFO is functionally the same and runs
         faster.  AMI will spend some effort to optimize the route further.
         7/13/94 - Best route for this without floorplan partitioning (which
         could be the best way) is 6.6 mm2.

39       SAMPLE PACKAGES
         6/29/94 - All packaging issues will be discussed at meeting at WD on
         6/30/94.
         6/22/94 - Clock structure defined.  Results are being verified.
         6/24/94 - Recommended clock structure was delivered by WD on 6/23/94.
         Some assumptions made by AMI about the clock structure with respect to
         the chip coverage of the clock were invalid.  A more detailed
         discussion and recommendations from AMI will be developed at the
         meeting at WD on 6/30/94.
         7/6/94 - New structures recommended for clocks which include floorplan
         considerations.

45       UNRECOGNIZED RESISTOR PROBLEM
         6/17/94 - Problem was discovered.  Current LPS rules require a netlist
         and a completed LVS run.  This was not happening.  Investigation is
         under way to find out how long it would take to update LPE rules.

46       LPE NETLIST EXTRACTION INVESTIGATION
         6/20/94 - Three days required to update LPE extraction rules to
         produce netlist from layout.  AMI is waiting for conformation from WD
         to proceed with this before it will begin.

47       LPE FLOW CREATION
         6/22/94 - Debugging one problem in flow before flow can be released to
         WD.
         6/24/94 - Awaiting a new version of software from ********** to try to
         fix a bug that is crashing the LPE run.
         7/13/94 - Unable to get a resolution from ********** about how to fix
         the problem.  AMI will request assistance from WD to get ********* to
         provide a solution.
         7/13/94 - ********** has provided a fix.  LPE flow was created and
         delivered to WD today.

48       UPDATE LPE RULES FOR TLM
         8/24/94 - On hold until current bug is fixed.
         7/13/94 - Delivered today.

49       3 SIGMA VS 2 SIGMA INVESTIGATION
         6/17/94 - Since AMI has no previous experience with using 2 sigma
         models with respect to manufacturability of a device, no information
         on the impact can be offered.  Toan Ly should call Ton Burghard
         directly for further information if required.

51       ARCCELL ROUTING DENSITY STUDY
         7/6/94 - AMI is trying again with modified FIFO netlist.
         7/8/94 -See note on FIFO routing for results.

52       METAL MIGRATION RELAXATION RESULTS
         6/24/94 - Barry is attempting to find out the status of this
         investigation.
         7/6/94 - AMI has provided new numbers to WD.  These numbers are 1.3mA
         per micron of metal width for all metal layers and 0.9mA per min via
         cut.

54       POWER EQUATION ACCURACY DATA
         6/24/94 - Accuracy of the power equation in the data book is dependent
         on the ability of the user to accurately estimate switching activity
         of a circuit in a clock cycle.  If this data can be determined
         accurately, then the equation is very accurate.  Access has automated
         routines for applying this equation to a circuit.

55       TEST PROGRAM
         7/6/94 - Test meeting on 6/30/94 was a success.  This report will
         contain summary of commitments of both parties in the next report.


* Confidential treatment
<PAGE>   49
                                                                     Page 8 of 8

                                       EXHIBIT G

56       TEST ENGINEER ASSIGNED
         6/29/94 - This person is Kim Gunderson.  Glen Mikkelson has been
         assigned to address yield issues of production.

58       NETLIST TO AMI FOR PARALLEL LAYOUT
         6/22/94 - This is for ************.
         6/29/94 - AMI has still not received the netlist which was originally
         scheduled for 6/24/94.
         7/6/94 - AMI has received preliminary netlist from WD on 7/5/94.  This
         netlist is not layout ready since it contains no clocking structure.
         There is also some concern on AMI's part about the number of power
         pads in this design vs the number of 16mA outputs.  Marty Jain will be
         giving WD a clock structure to insert into the netlist today in hopes
         it will be ready by 7/7/94.  Assuming the netlist is received for
         layout on 7/7, it will be 2 weeks behind schedule.
         7/8/94 - Netlist undergoing changes to add clock structure and new pin
         out to fix power pad placement.  Hopefully it will be delivered today.
         7/13/94 - Netlist with clock structure and correct pin out was
         received on 7/8/94 in the late evening.
 
59       POWER PAD INVESTIGATION
         7/8/94 - AMI has analyzed the power pad requirements and placement and
         recommended changes.  The number of power pads is fine, but their
         placement must be adjusted in order for the design to function
         correctly.  Terry Wu, Toan Ly, Marty Jain, and Marry West spent
         several hours going over an optimum power pad placement and WD has
         made the changes.  These changes will help assure the design meets all
         AMI power pad space.

60       CUSTOM BLOCK ABSTRACTS TO AMI
         6/29/94 - AMI has still not received abstracts which we originally
         scheduled for 6/24/94.
         7/6/94 - Blocks have been received by AMI.  There are a couple of
         problems remaining that are being resolved.  All problems should be
         resolved today.
         7/8/94 - Only missing place is the pin definition for the backend
         block.  Layout cannot begin until this is complete.
         7/13/94 - All pin problems have been solved today.  Layout will begin
         today.

61       AMI PARALLEL LAYOUT
         6/24/94 - AMI will be performing this layout as a backup to the WD
         Cell3 layout.  This requires delivery of a netlist and the custom
         block abstracts from WD in order to begin on schedule.
         6/29/94 - Scheduled start date is being pushed back due to lack of
         netlist and abstracts.
         7/13/94 - Pad placement file created by AMI and sent to WD.  Netlist
         is read and floorplanning has begun.  The AMI layout is behind the WD
         layout due to date AMI received abstracts and netlist.


* Confidential treatment



<PAGE>   50
                                   APPENDIX
                                   --------

The timeline indicating the AMI process qual schedule by week is on page 2 of
Exhibit G to Exhibit 10.15


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>FINANCIAL DATA SCHEDULE
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
This schedule contains summary financial information extracted from the
Consolidated Statements of Operations and Balance Sheets of Western Digital
Corporation and is qualified in its entirety by reference to such 1994 Annual
Report on Form 10-K.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1,000
<CURRENCY> U.S. DOLLAR
       
<S>                                        <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                                     YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUN-30-1994
<PERIOD-START>                             JUL-01-1993
<PERIOD-END>                               JUN-30-1994
<EXCHANGE-RATE>                                      1
<CASH>                                         243,484
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  201,512
<ALLOWANCES>                                    10,825
<INVENTORY>                                     79,575
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               537,488
<PP&E>                                         192,339
<DEPRECIATION>                                 118,922
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 640,513
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          275,744
<BONDS>                                         58,646
<COMMON>                                         4,490
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                     283,749
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   640,513
<SALES>                                      1,539,680
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                             1,539,680
<CGS>                                        1,221,749
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                1,221,749
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               112,827
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                               5,838
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 86,042
<INCOME-TAX>                                    12,906
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             73,136
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    73,136
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.77
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.70
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
