-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 d+jRvbUPGuzkmaVZsj8pdIKMRhcgK/i5dZrT/Zfb/INoK6/rmMfdtvmN3Ddzuh3J
 gSTMAE0/mUo6H0ozlUkm8g==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000061986-94-000029.txt : 19941005
<IMS-HEADER>0000061986-94-000029.hdr.sgml : 19941005
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000061986-94-000029
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		7
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940702
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940930
SROS:			NYSE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MANITOWOC CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000061986
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3531
		IRS NUMBER:				390448110
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11978
		FILM NUMBER:		94551104

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		700 E MAGNOLIA AVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			MANITOWOC
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54221
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4146846621
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

             UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                          Washington D.C.  20549



                                 FORM 10-K



[X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
     EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (Fee Required)


For the fiscal year ended July 2, 1994

[_]  TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
     SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (No Fee Required)


For the transition period from     ________  to   ________



Commission File Number 1-11978


                     THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.
     -----------------------------------------------------------
        (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)


             Wisconsin                    39-0448110
 -------------------------------------------------------------------
  (State or other jurisdiction of      (I.R.S. Employer
  incorporation or organization)    Identification Number)


   700 E. Magnolia Avenue, Suite B, Manitowoc, Wisconsin     54220
 -------------------------------------------------------------------
      (Address of Principal Executive Offices)            (Zip Code)


Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code:  (414) 684-4410




Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Common Stock, $.01 Par Value               New York Stock Exchange
  (Title of Each Class)            (Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered)


Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

                                 None





     Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all
reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.

               YES  [ X ]          No  [   ]


     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers
pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ X ]


     The Aggregate Market Value on September 2, 1994, of the
registrant's Common Stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was
$199,246,189, based on the $26.50 per share average of high and low
sale prices on that date.

     The number of shares outstanding of the registrant's Common Stock
as of September 2, 1994, the most recent practicable date, was
7,678,525. 


DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

     Portions of registrant's Annual Report to Shareholders for the
fiscal year ended July 2, 1994 (the "1994 Annual Report"), are
incorporated by reference into Parts I and II of this report.
Portions of the registrant's Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders dated September 30, 1994 (the "1994 Proxy Statement"),
are incorporated by reference in Part III of this report.

     See page 21 for Index to Exhibits. 


                                PART I
                                ------
Item 1.   Business
- - --------------------

GENERAL
- - -------

     The Manitowoc Company, Inc. (the "Company" or "Manitowoc"), a
Wisconsin corporation, is a diversified, capital goods manufacturer
headquartered in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.  Founded in 1902, the Company
is principally engaged in: (a) the design and manufacture of cranes
and related products which are used by the energy, construction,
mining and other industries; (b) the design and manufacture of
commercial ice machines and refrigeration products for the
foodservice, lodging, convenience store and healthcare markets; and
(c) marine vessel repair.  The Company currently operates two
manufacturing facilities in Manitowoc, Wisconsin; ship repair yards in
Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin and Toledo and Cleveland, Ohio; an overhead-
crane factory in Big Bend, Wisconsin; a crane re-manufacturing
facility in Bauxite, Arkansas; a crane replacement parts manufacturing
facility in Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania and Pompano Beach, Florida; and
a boom truck and pedestal crane operation in Georgetown, Texas.

     For information relating to the Company's lines of business and
industry segments, see Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results
of Operations and Financial Condition, the Eleven-Year Financial
Summary and Business Segment Information, Research and Development
Costs in the Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, and Note 11
to Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 9, 12, 18 and 22,
respectively, of the 1994 Annual Report, which are incorporated herein
by reference.


PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
- - ---------------------

Cranes and Related Products
- - ---------------------------

     The Company designs and manufactures a diversified line of
crawler, truck, fixed-base mounted, overhead and hydraulically-powered
cranes, which are sold under the "Manitowoc", "Manitex", "Orley
Meyer", and "West-Manitowoc, Inc." names for use by the
energy, construction, mining, pulp and paper, and other industries.
Many of the Company's customers purchase one crane together with
several options to permit use of the crane in various lifting
applications and other operations.  Various crane models combined with
available options have lifting capacities ranging from approximately
10 to 1,500 U.S. tons and excavating capacities ranging from 3 to 15
cubic yards.

     The Company has developed a line of hydraulically-driven,
electronically-controlled M-Series crawler cranes.  M-Series cranes
are easier to transport, operate and maintain, as well as being more
productive in a number of applications.  Six models, along with
various attachments, have been introduced to-date with lifting
capacities ranging from 65 to 1,500 U.S. tons.

     The Company also performs machining, fabricating and assembly
subcontract work utilizing crane manufacturing facilities.  The
Company also has a remanufacturing facility in Bauxite, Arkansas which
buys older cranes for remanufacture and rebuild and sells the finished units
through the distribution channels mentioned below.  Customer owned
cranes are also remanufactured at this facility.

     In fiscal 1994, the Company launched a completely new business
unit - West-Manitowoc.  Its prime target will be the smaller,
independent contractors and rental-fleet customers who need smaller,
less complicated, easily transportable, and more versatile cranes that
will meet the needs of a broad range of users.

     To serve this growing market, West-Manitowoc is developing a new
line of value-priced cranes with those characteristics.  The first of
these, the 90-ton lifting capacity West-100 cranes, will be shipped in
the fourth calendar quarter of 1994.

     As West-Manitowoc introduces additional models in the 50- to 130-
ton range, Manitowoc Engineering will phase out production of small M-
Series models and concentrate solely on high-end cranes for customers
with specialized needs.

     In February 1994, the Company acquired the assets of Femco
Machine Co.  Femco Machine Co. is a manufacturer of parts for cranes,
draglines, and other heavy equipment.  Femco is located in
Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania and Pompano Beach, Florida.

     Femco and Manitowoc Re-Manufacturing together will form the
nucleus of a soon-to-be-organized Aftermarket Group that will
coordinate our push into the market for rebuilt and remanufactured
cranes, both Manitowoc and non-Manitowoc units.  Femco's existing
South Florida operation is ideally positioned to serve the large Latin
American market where used cranes are the order of the day.

     During 1994, Manitowoc Engineering began development of a new
second generation crane - the Model-888 - which is slated for
introduction in the spring of 1995 with production following later in
the year.  The Model-888 is a 200-ton class hydraulically powered
crawler crane that is intended to serve a very diverse lifting,
construction, and material handling market.

     The Company's cranes and related products are sold throughout
North America and foreign countries by independent distributors, and
by Company- owned sales subsidiaries located in Long Island City, New
York; Mokena, Illinois; La Mirada, California; Benicia, California;
Seattle, Washington; Northampton, England and Chur, Switzerland.  In
fiscal 1993, the Company sold two previously owned sales subsidiaries
located in Davie, Florida and Charlotte, North Carolina.

     Distributors generally do not carry inventories of new cranes,
except for the smaller truck cranes.  Most distributors maintain
service facilities and inventories of replacement parts.  Company
employed service representatives usually assist customers in the
initial set-up of new cranes.

     The Company does not generally provide financing for either its
independent distributors or their customers; however, dealers
frequently assist customers in arranging financing and may accept used
cranes as partial payment on the sale of new cranes.

     In recent years, the Company has established a fleet of crawler
crane and boom truck cranes at the Company-owned sales
subsidiaries, which are leased on a short-term basis, primarily to the
construction industry.  During fiscal 1992, the Company entered into a
sale/leaseback arrangement covering substantially all of the fleet.
See Note 10 to Consolidated Financial Statements on Page 22 of the
1994 Annual Report.

     See Note 11 to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 22 of
the 1994 Annual Report with respect to export sales.  Such sales are
usually made to the Company's foreign subsidiaries or independent
distributors, in addition to sales made to domestic customers for
foreign delivery.  Foreign sales are made on Letter of Credit or
similar terms.

     The year-end backlog of crane products includes orders which have
been placed on a production schedule, and those orders which the
Company has accepted and which are expected to be shipped and billed
during the next fiscal year.  The backlog of unfilled orders for
cranes and related products at July 2, 1994 approximates $26.9
million, as compared to $57.7 million in fiscal 1993.  The decrease is
due to the decline in crawler crane orders from outside the United
States.


Foodservice
- - -----------

     The Foodservice Products business segment designs, manufacturers,
and markets commercial ice cube machines, ice storage bins, ice cube
dispensers, and related accessories including water filtration
systems, reach-in refrigerators and freezers.  Serving the needs of
foodservice, lodging, convenience store, and healthcare operations
worldwide, the Company has captured a leading percentage of the
commercial ice cube machine market.

     Several models of automatic ice cube making and dispensing
machines are designed, manufactured and marketed by the Company.
Offering daily production capacities from 160 to 1,890 pounds,
Manitowoc ice machines are complemented by storage bins with
capacities from 220 to 760 pounds; countertop ice and beverage
dispensers with capacities to 160 pounds; floor-standing ice
dispensers with capacities to 180 pounds; and optional accessories
such as water filters and ice baggers.  The reach-in refrigerators and
freezers are available in one, two or three-door models that provide
gross storage capacities of 23.1, 47.8 and 73.7 cubic feet,
respectively.

     In fiscal 1993, the foodservice products group introduced a new
line of ice machines that use an environmentally enlightened
refrigerant.  The new "B-Series" includes ten models which are
complemented by seven ice storage bins.  For added customer
convenience, the "B" models also feature standard self-cleaning and
optional automatic-cleaning systems that improve reliability while
simplifying maintenance.

     The Company also introduced the industry's first reach-in cooler
that uses an environmentally enlightened refrigerant.  In addition,
our foodservice group  received a U.S. patent covering the drop-in
refrigeration units for its reach-in cabinets.

     The Company is completing arrangements with a joint-venture
partner to begin production of ice machines in China.  The joint-
venture factory will assemble the Company's new model I-25 ice
machine.  the I-25 produces 30 pounds of ice per day.  It was
developed to meet the needs of customers in overseas markets that do
not require the 160 to 1,890 pound daily outputs of the standard ice
making models.

     The Foodservice Products business segment sales are made from the
Company's inventory and sold worldwide through independent wholesale
distributors, chain accounts, and government agencies.  The
international markets consist of Western Europe, the Far East, the
Middle East, the Near East, Latin America, the Carribbean and Africa.     

     Since sales are made from the Company's inventory, orders are
generally filled within 24 to 48 hours.  The backlog for unfilled
orders for Foodservice Products at July 2, 1994 is not significant.



Marine
- - ------

     The Company had been a shipbuilder since its inception in 1902.
For almost seven decades, all shipbuilding operations were conducted
in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.  Two adjoining shipyards in Sturgeon Bay,
Wisconsin, were acquired in 1968 and 1970, and all shipbuilding
activities were transferred to those facilities.

     In March, 1988, the Company announced that, due to the continued
decline in the U.S. shipbuilding industry, it would no longer pursue
new ship construction contracts and would restructure its shipbuilding
subsidiary to be more competitive on ship conversions and repair work.

     In January, 1992, the Company acquired substantially all the
assets of Merce Industries, Inc.  Merce Industries, Inc. operated the
ship repair facility owned by the Port Authority of Toledo, Ohio, and
similar operations in Cleveland, Ohio.  Included with the acquisition
was the assumption of a lease agreement with the Port Authority for
the ship repair facilities.  See Note 7 to Consolidated Financial
Statements on Page 21 of the 1994 Annual Report.

     The year-end backlog for the marine segment includes repair and
maintenance work presently scheduled at the shipyard which will be
completed in the next fiscal year.  At July 2, 1994 the backlog
approximates $2.5 million, compared to $2.4 million one year ago.


Raw Materials and Supplies
- - --------------------------

     The primary raw material used by the Company is structural and
rolled steel, which is purchased principally from various domestic
sources.  The Company also purchases engines and electrical equipment
and other semi-and- fully processed materials.  It is the policy of
the Company to maintain, wherever possible, alternate sources of
supply for its important materials and parts.  The Company maintains
inventories of steel and other purchased material.


Patents, Trademarks, Licenses
- - -----------------------------

     The Company owns a number of United States and foreign patents
pertaining to the crane and foodservice products, and has presently
pending applications for patents in the United States and foreign
countries.  In addition, the Company has various registered and
unregistered trademarks and licenses which are of material importance
to the Company's business.


Seasonality
- - -----------

     Typically, the second calendar quarter represents the Company's
best quarter in all of the business segments.  In the cranes and
related products segment, summer represents the main construction
season.  Customers require new machines, parts, and service prior to
such season.  Since the summer also brings along warmer weather, there
is an increase in the use of ice machines.  As a result, distributors
are building inventories for the increased demand.  With respect to
the Marine segment, the Great Lakes shipping industry's sailing season
is normally May through November.  Thus, barring any emergency
groundings, the majority of repair and maintenance work is performed
during the winter months.  Accordingly, the work is typically
completed during the second calendar quarter of the year.




Competition
- - -----------

     All of the Company's products are sold in highly competitive
markets.  Competition is at all levels, including price, service and
product performance.

     With respect to crawler cranes, there are numerous domestic and
foreign manufacturers of cranes with whom the Company competes,
including American Crane Corporation, Wilmington, North Carolina; Link
Belt Construction Equipment Co., a subsidiary of Sumitomo Corporation,
Tokyo, Japan; Kobelco, Kobe Steel, Ltd., Tokyo, Japan; Mannesmann
Demag Baumaschinen, Zweibrucken, West Germany; Liebherr-Werk Ehingen
GMBH, Ehingen, West Germany; Hitachi Construction Machinery Co., Ltd.,
Tokyo, Japan; and Krupp Industrietechnik, Wilhelmshaven, Germany.  
Within the market the Company serves, lattice boom crawler cranes 
with lifting capacities greater than 125 tons, Manitowoc is a world 
leader of this equipment.

     The competitors within the boom truck crane market include
Simon-R.O. Corp., Olathe, Kansas; National Crane, Waverly, Nebraska;
and JLG, McConnellsburg, Pennsylvania.  The Company believes that its
current output of boom truck cranes ranks third among its competitors.

     Within the ice machine division, there are several manufacturers
with whom the Company competes.  The primary competitors include
Scotsman Industries (tradename Scotsman and Crystal Tips), Prospect
Heights, Illinois; Welbilt Company (tradename Ice-O-Matic), New Hyde
Park, New York; and Hoshizaki American, Inc. (tradename Hoshizaki),
Peachtree City, Georgia.  As noted earlier, the Company is the
leading, low-cost, producer of ice machines.

     The list of competitors in the reach-in refrigeration and
freezers product line include Beverage Air, Spartanburg, South
Carolina; The Delfield Company, Mt. Pleasant, Michigan; Traulsen &
Company, Inc., College Point, New York; and True Food Service Company,
O'Fallon, Missouri.  Since Manitowoc is relatively new to this market,
its market share is less than the aforementioned competitors.  The
Company believes that its market share in the reach-in refrigerator
and freezer product line will continue to grow.

     In the ship repair operation, the Company is one of two
operational shipyards on the Great Lakes capable of drydocking and
servicing 1000 foot Great Lakes bulk carriers; the other is Erie
Marine Enterprises, Erie, Pennsylvania.  There is one other shipyard
on the Great Lakes, Fraser Shipyards, Inc., Superior, Wisconsin, with
whom the Company competes for drydocking and servicing smaller Great
Lakes vessels.  In addition, with the passage of NAFTA, Canadian
facilities may compete with the company in the future.  The Company
also competes with many smaller firms which perform top side repair
work during the winter lay-up period.  In addition, there are
shipyards on the East, West and Gulf Coasts capable of converting and
reconstructing vessels of sizes that can enter the Great Lakes through
the St. Lawrence Seaway and the Wellen Canal.  There are also
shipyards on the inland rivers capable of servicing smaller,
specialized vessels which the Company is capable of servicing.



Employee Relations
- - ------------------

     The Company employs approximately 1,900 persons, of whom about
300 are salaried.  Company-wide employment is fairly comparable to the
prior year.

     The Company has labor agreements with 19 union locals.  There
have been no work stoppages during the three years ended July 2, 1994.



Item 2.   PROPERTIES
- - --------------------
Owned
- - -----

     Cranes and related products are manufactured at plant locations
in Manitowoc, Wisconsin; Georgetown, Texas; Bauxite, Arkansas; and
Punxsutawney, Pennsylvania.  In connection with a 1986 restructuring
program, most crane operations in Manitowoc were consolidated at the
original plant.  This facility comprises approximately 600,000 square
feet of manufacturing and office space located on approximately 50
acres of land in the central city.  Included is a 110,000 square foot
structure, completed in 1983, which replaced a portion of the
Company's main fabrication shop.  In 1984 work was completed on the
expansion of the main boiler house, which provides steam for the
majority of shops, warehouses and office facilities in the central
city location.  Certain manufacturing operations were moved back to
the South Works facility from this central city facility during fiscal
1991.  South Works' construction was completed in 1978 providing the
Company with approximately 265,000 square feet of manufacturing and
storage space which is now fully utilized.

     Included with the asset purchase of Femco Machine Co. are three
manufacturing and office facilities in Punxsutawney and a similar
facility in nearby Hawthorn, Pennsylvania.  The Punxsutawney
facilities have approximately 71,000 square feet and are located on
approximately 34 acres.  The Hawthorn facility, with 36,000 square
feet and located on approximately 3 acres, is currently held for sale.

     In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1993, the boomtruck crane
operations were moved to Georgetown, Texas.  The Company purchased an
existing manufacturing and office facility totaling approximately
175,000 square feet.  Previously, this operation consisted of
manufacturing and office facilities located in McAllen, Texas, and a
fabrication plant located in Reynosa, Mexico.

     In June, 1987, the Company purchased an existing 20,000 square
foot facility in Bauxite, Arkansas, for the remanufacturing of used
cranes.  This facility began operations in fiscal 1988.

     The Company's foodservice products are manufactured in modern,
fully-equipped facilities in Manitowoc, Wisconsin.  Production of ice
machines and dispensers are housed in a 240,000-square foot facility;
while reach-in production is located in a nearby building that
includes more than 146,000 square feet of production and warehouse
space.  In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company began
construction on a 128,000 square feet addition for the ice machine
facility.  This will allow both ice machines and reach-ins to be
manufactured in the same facility.


     The Company's shipyard in Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, consists of
approximately 55 acres of waterfront property.  Four of those acres,
which connect two operating areas of the shipyard, are leased under a
long term ground lease.  There are approximately 295,000 square feet
of enclosed manufacturing and office space.  Facilities at the
shipyard include a 140 by 1,158 foot graving dock, the largest on the
Great Lakes.  In addition, there is a 250 foot graving dock, and a 600
foot floating drydock.

     Additional properties consist primarily of crane sales offices
and warehouse facilities located in Long Island City, New York;
Seattle, Washington; and Northampton, England.


Leased
- - ------

     The Company leases sales offices and warehouse facilities for
cranes and related products in Big Bend, Wisconsin; Mokena, Illinois;
and La Mirada and Benicia, California.  In addition, the Company
leases facilities in Pompano Beach, Florida for parts manufacturing
and crane re-manufacturing.  The Company also leases the shipyard
facilities at Toledo and Cleveland, Ohio for the Marine segment.
These facilities include waterfront land, buildings, and 800-foot and
550-foot graving docks.  Furthermore the Company leases approximately
10,000 square feet of office space for the Corporate offices.


Item 3.   LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
- - ---------------------------

     The information required by this item is incorporated by
reference from  Note 12 to Consolidated Financial Statements on Page
22 of the 1994 Annual Report.


Item 4.   SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS
- - -------------------------------------------------------------

     No matters were submitted to security holders for a vote during
the fourth quarter of the Company's fiscal year ended July 2, 1994.


Executive Officers of the Registrant
- - ------------------------------------

Each of the following officers of the Company has been elected to a
renewable one-year term by the Board of Directors.  The informaton
presented is as of September 26, 1994.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                               Position With              Principal Position
    Name            Age        The Registrant                 Held Since
- - --------------     ----      --------------------         ------------------
<S>                <C>       <C>                                  <C>
Fred M. Butler       59       President & CEO                      1990

Robert K. Silva      66       Executive Vice President & COO       1994

Robert R. Friedl     40       Vice President & CFO                 1992

Philip D. Keener     43       Treasurer                            1990

E. Dean Flynn        53       Secretary                            1993

</TABLE>


Fred M. Butler was elected President & Chief Executive Officer on July
17, 1990 and  previously, served as Senior Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer from March 31, 1989.  He joined the Company as
Manager of Administration in September, 1988.  Prior to such date, Mr.
Butler was employed by Tyger Construction Co., Inc., a subsidiary of
Guy F. Atkinson Company, as President and Senior Vice President.

Robert K. Silva was elected Executive Vice President and Chief
Operating Officer of the corporation on July 8, 1994, and previously
served as Vice President from May 4, 1992, and as President and
General Manager of the Manitowoc Equipment Works, a division of The
Manitowoc Company, Inc.  He joined the Company in 1979 as National
Sales Manager and held various positions with MEW.  Prior to joining
the Company, he was Vice President at Follett Corporation.

Robert R. Friedl was elected Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer on May 4, 1992, and previously served as Vice President-
Finance from August 14, 1990.  He joined the Company as Assistant
Treasurer on April 18, 1988.  Prior to joining Manitowoc, he served
as Chief Financial Officer with Coradian Corp.; was co-founder, Vice
President of Finance and Treasurer of Telecom North, Inc.; and Tax
Manager for Nankin, Schnoll & Co., S.C.

Philip D. Keener was elected Treasurer on November 13, 1990.  He
joined the Cmopany on October 1, 1990.  Prior to that, Mr. Keener was
employed by Farley Industries, Inc. as Assistant Treasurer.

E. Dean Flynn was elected Secretary on February 2, 1993 and previously
served as Assistant Corporate Secretary from November 2, 1987; as
Manager of Corporate Insurance from January, 1990; and as Legal
Assistant from January 16, 1985.  Prior to that, he served the Wabco
division of Dresser Industries, Inc. in numerous managerial positions
for 23 years, departing as manager of legal affairs in 1985.




                               PART II
                               ------- 

Item 5.   MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED
          STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
          ------------------------------------------------------------

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
from "Quarterly Common Stock Price Range", "Other Shareholder
Information", and "Supplemental Quarterly Financial Information
(Unaudited)" on pages 1 and 25 of the 1994 Annual Report.


Item 6.   SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
          -----------------------

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
from "Eleven-Year Record" on pages 12 and 13 of the 1994 Annual
Report.


Item 7.   MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION
          AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
          ------------------------------------------------------------

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
from "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations
and Financial Conditions" on pages 9 through 11 of the 1994 Annual
Report.



Item 8.   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
          -------------------------------------------

The financial statements required by this item are incorporated by
reference from pages 14 through 23 of the 1994 Annual Report.
Supplementary financial information is incorporated by reference from
"Supplemental Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)" on page 25
of the 1994 Annual Report.


Item 9.   CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING
          AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
          ------------------------------------------------------------

None.

                               PART III
                               --------

Item 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT
          --------------------------------------------------

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
from the "Beneficial Ownership of Securities" section on page 3 of the
1994 Proxy Statement and from the "Election of Directors" section on
pages 4 and 5 of the 1994 Proxy Statement.  See also "Executive
Officers of the Registrant" in Part I hereof.


Item 11.  EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
          ----------------------

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
from the "Compensation of Directors", "Executive Compensation",
"Report of the Compensation and Benefits Committee on Executive
Compensation", "Performance Graph", "Contingent Employment
Agreements", and "F. M. Butler Supplemental Retirement Agreement"
sections on pages 6 through 12 of the 1994 Proxy Statement.


Item 12.  SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND
          MANAGEMENT
          ------------------------------------------------------------

The information required by this item is incorporated by reference
from the "Beneficial Ownership of Securities" section on pages 2 and 3
of the 1994 Proxy Statement.


Item 13.  CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
          ----------------------------------------------

None.








                               PART IV
                               --------

Item 14.   EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES, AND REPORTS ON
           FORM 8-K
- - ---------------------------------------------------------------------- 

(a)  Documents filed as part of this Report.

     (1)  Financial Statements:

        The following Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as
        part of this report under Item 8, "Financial Statements and
        Supplementary Data".

        Report of Independent Public Accountants

        Consolidated Statements Of Earnings for the years ended July
        2, 1994, July 3, 1993, and June 27, 1992.

        Consolidated Balance Sheets at July 2, 1994, and July 3,
        1993.

        Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended
        July 2, 1994, July 3, 1993 and June 27, 1992.

        Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the years
        ended July 2, 1994, July 3, 1993, and June 27, 1992.

        Summary of Significant Accounting Policies.

        Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.


     (2)  Financial Statement Schedules:

        Financial Statement Schedules for the years ended July 2,
        1994, July 3, 1993 and June 27, 1992:

        Schedule                Description                           Page
        --------                -----------                           ----

                    Report of Independent Public Accountants           14

        I           Marketable Securities - Other Investments          15

        V           Cost of Property, Plant and Equipment              16

        VI          Accumulated Depreciation of Property,
                    Plant and Equipment                                17

        VIII        Valuation and Qualifying Accounts                  18

        X           Supplementary Income Statements Information        19


     All other financial statement schedules not listed have been
     omitted since the required information is included in the
     consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto, or is not     
     applicable or required under rules of Regulation S-X.

(b)  Reports on Form 8-K:

     While no reports on Form 8-K were filed during the fourth quarter
of fiscal 1994, a report on Form 8-K dated August 9, 1994 was filed to
report the Registrant's change in fiscal year-end from the Saturday
closest to June 30 of each calendar year to December 31 of each
calendar year.

(c) Exhibits:

     See Index to Exhibits immediately following the signature page of
this report, which is incorporated herein by reference.







               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
                      ON SUPPLEMENTARY SCHEDULES

We have audited in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards, the financial statements included in The Manitowoc Company,
Inc.'s annual report to shareholders incorporated by reference in this
Form 10-K, and have issued our report thereon dated July 28, 1994.
Our audit was made for the purpose of forming an opinion on those
statements taken as a whole.  The schedules listed in Item 14(a)(2)
are the responsibility of the Company's management and are presented
for purposes of complying with the Securities and Exchange
Commission's rules and are not part of the basic financial statements.
These schedules have been subjected to the auditing procedures applied
in the audit of the basic financial statements and, in our opinion,
fairly state in all material respects the financial data required to
be set forth therein in relation to the basic financial statements
taken as a whole.


                                   ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP


Milwaukee, Wisconsin
July 28, 1994.





<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                            THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.
                                                 AND SUBSIDIARIES

                             SCHEDULE I:  MARKETABLE SECURITIES  -  OTHER INVESTMENTS

                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED JULY 2, 1994



                              PRINCIPAL                       MARKET        CARRYING
      NAME                      AMOUNT          COST          VALUE          VALUE
      ----                      ------       ---------        ------        --------
<S>                         <C>            <C>             <C>           <C>
  U.S. Treasury Notes       $ 10,000,000   $ 10,012,721    $ 9,794,375   $ 10,012,721

 Preferred Stock Fund          4,765,966      4,994,876      4,763,243      4,994,876
                             -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------

                            $ 14,765,966   $ 15,007,597   $ 14,557,618   $ 15,007,597
                             -----------    -----------    -----------    -----------

</TABLE>








<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                 THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.
                                                      AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                     SCHEDULE V:  COST OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                              FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 27, 1992, JULY 3, 1993, AND JULY 2, 1994

                                    BALANCE AT                                                BALANCE AT
                                    BEGINNING      ADDITIONS                     OTHER          END OF        
        CLASSIFICATION              OF PERIOD       AT COST    RETIREMENTS    CHANGES (1)       PERIOD
        --------------              ---------      --------    -----------    -----------     ----------
<S>                              <C>            <C>            <C>            <C>           <C>
YEAR ENDED JUNE 27, 1992:
  Land ......................... $  3,485,769   $         0    $   (21,142)   $    33,715   $  3,498,342
  Buildings ....................   61,545,543       755,402       (577,026)       378,181     62,102,100
  Drydocks and dock fronts .....   21,984,446        79,328        (23,653)             0     22,040,121
  Machinery and equipment ......   70,294,712     7,403,865     (6,615,319)       124,443     71,207,701
  Construction in progress .....    2,448,049    (1,666,193)             0              0        781,856
                                 ------------   -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
  Total                          $159,758,519   $ 6,572,402    $(7,237,140)   $   536,339   $159,630,120
                                 ------------   -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
YEAR ENDED JULY 3, 1993:
  Land ......................... $  3,498,342   $         0    $         0    $   (74,437)  $  3,423,905
  Buildings ....................   62,102,100     3,137,414       (287,011)      (843,286)    64,109,217
  Drydocks and dock fronts .....   22,040,121             0              0              0     22,040,121
  Machinery and equipment ......   71,207,701     5,309,927     (1,241,924)      (301,664)    74,974,040
  Construction in progress .....      781,856     2,765,744              0              0      3,547,600
                                 ------------   -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
  Total                          $159,630,120   $11,213,085    $(1,528,935)   $(1,219,387)  $168,094,883
                                 ------------   -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
YEAR ENDED JULY 2, 1994:
  Land ......................... $  3,423,905   $   382,539    $         0    $     5,646   $  3,812,090
  Buildings ....................   64,109,217       129,140     (1,505,110)        63,968     62,797,215
  Drydocks and dock fronts .....   22,040,121             0              0              0     22,040,121
  Machinery and equipment ......   74,974,040    13,357,886     (1,538,571)        23,009     86,816,364
  Construction in progress .....    3,547,600        (2,357)             0              0      3,545,243
                                 ------------   -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
  Total                          $168,094,883   $13,867,208    $(3,043,681)   $    92,623   $179,011,033
                                 ------------   -----------    -----------    -----------   ------------
<FN>
NOTES:(1)  Effect of changes in currency exchange rates.

      Depreciation provided for financial reporting purposes is based on the following estimated lives; buildings,
      40 to 50 years; dry docks and dock fronts, 10 to 25 years; and machinery and equipment 5 to 20 years.

</TABLE>
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.
                                                      AND SUBSIDIARIES


                           SCHEDULE VI:  ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION OF PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                            FOR THE YEARS ENDED AND JUNE 27, 1992, JULY 3, 1993 AND JULY 2, 1994


                                  BALANCE AT                                            BALANCE AT
                                   BEGINNING    ADDITIONS                   OTHER         END OF
                                   OF PERIOD     AT COST    RETIREMENTS   CHANGES (1)     PERIOD
                                  ----------    ---------   -----------   -----------   -----------
<S>                            <C>           <C>           <C>            <C>          <C>
YEAR ENDED JUNE 27, 1992:

  Buildings .................. $ 32,763,868  $  2,198,759  $   (451,239)  $    46,997  $ 34,558,385  
  Drydocks and dock fronts ...   20,281,763       155,005       (23,653)            0    20,413,115
  Machinery and equipment ....   53,038,015     3,769,816    (5,701,757)       49,027    51,155,101
                               ------------  ------------  ------------   -----------  ------------
 Total ......................  $106,083,646  $  6,123,580  $ (6,176,649)  $    96,024  $106,126,601
                               ------------  ------------  ------------   -----------  ------------

YEAR ENDED JULY 3, 1993:

  Buildings .................. $ 34,558,385  $  1,619,339 $    (86,623)   $  (124,379) $ 35,966,722
  Drydocks and dock fronts ...   20,413,115       153,034            0              0    20,566,149
  Machinery and equipment ....   51,155,101     4,089,174     (526,952)      (135,445)   54,581,878
                               ------------  ------------ ------------    -----------  ------------
 Total ......................  $106,126,601  $  5,861,547 $   (613,575)   $  (259,824) $111,114,749
                               ------------  ------------ ------------    -----------  ------------

YEAR ENDED JULY 2, 1994:

  Buildings .................. $ 35,966,722  $  1,678,341 $   (366,043)   $    11,021  $ 37,290,041
  Drydocks and dock fronts ...   20,566,149       148,490            0              0    20,714,639
  Machinery and equipment ....   54,581,878     4,440,552   (1,360,585)        12,221    57,674,066
                               ------------  ------------ ------------    -----------  ------------
  Total ...................... $111,114,749  $  6,267,383 $ (1,726,628)   $    23,242  $115,678,746
                               ------------  ------------ ------------    -----------  ------------
<FN>
NOTE:  (1)  Transfers to other classifications and effect of changes in currency exchange rates.

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                         THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.
                                               AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                        

                              SCHEDULE VIII:  VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                      FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 27, 1992 JULY 3, 1993, AND JULY 2, 1994




                                     BALANCE AT     CHARGED TO                    BALANCE AT
                                      BEGINNING      COSTS AND                      END OF
          DESCRIPTION                 OF PERIOD      EXPENSES       DEDUCTIONS        PERIOD
          ------------               ----------     -----------    -----------      -----------
<S>                                  <C>            <C>           <C>             <C>
YEAR ENDED JUNE 27, 1992:

  Allowance for doubtful accounts    $   642,829    $   142,449   $  (401,684)    $   383,594

YEAR ENDED JULY 3, 1993:

  Allowance for doubtful accounts    $   383,594    $   453,993   $   (30,385)    $   807,202

YEAR ENDED JULY 2, 1994:

  Allowance for doubtful accounts    $   807,202    $   702,079  $   (732,536)    $   776,745

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.
                                          AND SUBSIDIARIES


                         SCHEDULE X:  SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENTS INFORMATION

                 FOR THE YEARS ENDED JUNE 27, 1992, AND JULY 3, 1993 AND JULY 2, 1994



                                                  CHARGED TO COSTS
                   ITEM                             AND EXPENSES
         -----------------------             --------------------------
<S>                                          <C>
         Maintenance and Repairs

                    1992                               $4,666,259

                    1993                               $4,206,887

                    1994                               $4,168,473


           Advertising Costs

                    1992                               $2,812,888

                    1993                               $3,459,618

                    1994                               $3,298,752    
                    
</TABLE>
                    
                    
                    
                         SIGNATURES

     Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this
Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized:



                                        THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.

                                        By:  /s/  Fred M. Butler
                                        ------------------------------

                                        Fred M. Butler
                                        President & Chief Executive Officer



                                        By:  /s/  Robert R. Friedl
                                        ------------------------------

                                        Robert R. Friedl
                                        Chief Financial Officer



Dated:    September 26, 1994




     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons
constituting a majority of the Board of Directors on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:




  /s/  Fred M. Butler                                 September 26, 1994
- - -----------------------------------------------
Fred M. Butler, President & CEO, Director



  /s/  Robert K. Silva                                September 26, 1994
- - -----------------------------------------------
Robert K. Silva, Executive Vice President
& COO, Director


  /s/  Gilbert F. Rankin, Jr.                         September 26, 1994
- - -----------------------------------------------
Gilbert F. Rankin, Jr., Director



  /s/  George T. McCoy                                September 26, 1994
- - -----------------------------------------------
George T. McCoy, Director



  /s/  Guido R. Rahr, Jr.                             September 26, 1994
- - -----------------------------------------------
Guido R. Rahr, Jr., Director




<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                    THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.
                                     ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K
                               FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JULY 2, 1994
                                         INDEX TO EXHIBITS



                                                                                                               Filed
                                                                                                              Herewith
Exhibit                                                                                                          On
 No.                         Description                                                                        Page
- - -------                      -----------                                                                        ----

<S>       <C>                                                                                                  <C>
3.1       Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation as amended on November 5, 1984, filed as
          Exhibit 3(a) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June
          29, 1985 and incorporated herein by reference.

3.2       Restated By-Laws (as amended through September 16, 1994) including amendment to Article X
          adding Section 3 (Implied Amendments).                                                                  23

4.1(a)    Rights Agreement dated September 5, 1986 between the Registrant and Morgan Shareholder
          Services Trust Company, filed as Exhibit 4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for
          the fiscal year ended June 28, 1986 and incorporated herein by reference.

4.1(b)    First amendment to Rights Agreement dated August 12, 1988, filed as Exhibit 1 to the
          Company's report on Form 8-K dated August 26, 1988 and incorporated herein by reference.

4.2       Articles III, V, and VIII of the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (see
          Exhibit 3.1 above).

10.1(a) * The Manitowoc Company, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan effective August 20, 1993, (the          
          "Deferred Compensation Plan") filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's Registration
          Statement on Form S-8 filed June 23, 1993, and incorporated herein by reference.

10.1(b) * Amendment to Deferred Compensation Plan adopted by the Board of Directors on April 26,
          1994.                                                                                                   39

10.2 *    The Manitowoc Company, Inc. Management Incentive Compensation Plan, effective July 4,
          1993, filed as Exhibit 10(b) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended July 3, 1993 and incorporated herein by reference.

10.3 *    Form of Contingent Employment Agreement between the Company and Messrs. Butler, Flynn,
          Friedl, Keener, Silva and certain other employees of the Company, filed as Exhibit 10(c)
          to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 1, 1989 and
          incorporated herein by reference.


10.4 *    Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and each of the directors, executive
          officers and certain other employees of the Company, filed as Exhibit 10(d) to the
          Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 1, 1989 and
          incorporated herein by reference.

10.5 *    Supplemental Retirement Agreement between Fred M. Butler and the Company dated March 15,
          1993 filed as Exhibit 10(e) to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
          year ended July 3, 1993 and incorporated herein by reference.

13        Portions of the 1994 Annual Report to Shareholders of The Manitowoc Company, Inc.
          incorporated by reference into this Report on Form 10-K.                                                40

21        Subsidiaries of The Manitowoc Company, Inc.                                                             63

23        Consent of Independent Public Accountants.                                                              64

27        Financial Data Schedule.                                                                                65




<FN>
* Management contracts and executive compensation plans and
arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant to Item 14(c)
of Form 10-K.
</TABLE>


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.(II)
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

                                               EXHIBIT 3.2
                                               1994 10-K

                           RESTATED BY-LAWS
                                  OF
                     THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC.
                       (Adopted June 16, 1971)

                    1/(Amended August 14, 1972)
                    2/(Amended November 7, 1972)
                    3/(Amended March 19, 1973)
                    4/(Amended May 5, 1975)
                    5/(Amended August 17, 1981)
                    6/(Amended August 20, 1984)
                    7/(Amended September 5, 1986)
                    8/(Amended November 3, 1986)
                    9/(Amended August 21, 1987)
                   10/(Amended February 19, 1988)
                   11/(Amended August 12, 1988)
                   12/(Amended November 7, 1988)
                   13/(Amended June 23, 1989)
                   14/(Amended June 22, 1990)
                   15/(Amended August 9, 1990)
                   16/(Amended February 15, 1991)
                   17/(Amended August 12, 1992)
                   18/(Amended November 3, 1992)
                   19/(Amended February 1, 1994)
                   20/(Amended August 9, 1994)
                   21/(Amended September 16, 1994)

                              ARTICLE I.

                               OFFICES

19/  Section 1.   Principal  Office.    The  principal office  of  the
Corporation in the  State of Wisconsin  shall be located  at 700  East
Magnolia Avenue,  Suite  B,  in  the  City  of  Manitowoc,  County  of
Manitowoc.  The Corporation may have such other offices, either within
or without  the State  of Wisconsin,  as the  Board of  Directors  may
designate or as the business of the Corporation may require from  time
to time.

     Section 2.   Registered Office.    The registered  office of  the
Corporation required by the Wisconsin Business  Corporation Law to  be
maintained in  the  State  of  Wisconsin may  be,  but  not  need  be,
identical with the principal office in the State of Wisconsin, and the
address of the registered office may  be changed from time to time  by
the Board of Directors.

                             ARTICLE II.

                             SHAREHOLDERS

1/11/12/14/16/
     Section 1.  Annual Meeting.   The annual meeting of  shareholders
shall be held on the  first Tuesday in November  in each year for  the
purpose of electing   Directors and for the  transaction of only  such
other business as is properly brought before the meeting in accordance
with these By-Laws.
         
     To be  properly  brought before  the  meeting, business  must  be
either (a)  specified in  the notice  of  meeting (or  any  supplement
thereto) given by or at the  direction of the Board of Directors,  (b)
otherwise properly brought before the meeting  by or at the  direction
of the Board of  Directors, or (c)  otherwise properly brought  before
the meeting by  a shareholder.   In addition to  any other  applicable
requirements, for business  to be  properly brought  before an  annual
meeting by  a  shareholder, the  shareholder  must have  given  timely
notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation.  To  be
timely, a  shareholder's notice  must be  delivered to  or mailed  and
received at the  principal executive offices  of the Corporation,  not
less than fifty  (50) days nor more than seventy-five (75) days  prior
to the meeting date set in this  Section 1; provided, however, that in
the event that the meeting is  not held within ten (10) business  days
of the date set in this Section 1 and less than sixty-five (65)  days'
notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is  given
or made to shareholders, notice by  the shareholder to be timely  must
be so received not later than  the close of business on the  fifteenth
(15th) day following the day on which  such notice of the date of  the
annual  meeting  was  mailed  or  such  public  disclosure  was  made,
whichever first occurs.  A shareholder's notice to the Secretary shall
set forth as to each matter  the shareholder proposes to bring  before
the annual meeting (i) a brief description of the business desired  to
be brought before the  annual meeting and  the reasons for  conducting
such business at the annual meeting, (ii) the name and record  address
of the shareholder proposing such business, (iii) the class and number
of shares  of the  Corporation which  are  beneficially owned  by  the
shareholder, and (iv) any material interest of the shareholder in such
business.

     Notwithstanding anything  in  the  By-Laws to  the  contrary,  no
business shall be conducted at the annual meeting except in accordance
with the procedures set  forth in this  Section 1; provided,  however,
that nothing in this Section 1 shall be deemed to preclude  discussion
by any shareholder of any business properly brought before the  annual
meeting.

     The Chairman of an  annual meeting shall,  if the facts  warrant,
determine and declare to  the meeting that  business was not  properly
brought before the meeting in accordance  with the provisions of  this
Section 1, and if he should so  determine, he shall so declare to  the
meeting and any such business not properly brought before the  meeting
shall not be transacted.

     If the day fixed for the annual meeting shall be a legal  holiday
in the State  of Wisconsin,  such meeting shall  be held  on the  next
succeeding business day.   If the election of  Directors shall not  be
held on  the day  designated  herein for  any  annual meeting  of  the
shareholders, or at  an adjournment  thereof, the  Board of  Directors
shall cause  the election  to be  held  at a  special meeting  of  the
shareholders as soon thereafter as conveniently may be.

6/   Section  2.    Special  Meetings.      Special  meetings  of  the
shareholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed
by statute, may be  called by the  President or by  a majority of  the
Board of  Directors, and  shall  be called  by  the President  at  the
request  of  the  holders  of  not  less  than  one-half  of  all  the
outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting.

16/ Section 3.   Place  of Meeting.     The  Board of  Directors  may
designate any place, either within or without the State of  Wisconsin,
as the place  of meeting  for any annual  meeting or  for any  special
meeting.   If no  designation is  made,  or if  a special  meeting  be
otherwise called,  the place of meeting shall be the registered office
of the Corporation in the State of Wisconsin.

7/16/     Section 4.  Notice of Meeting.   Written notice stating  the
place, day and hour of the meeting and, in case of a special  meeting,
the purpose or  purposes for  which the  meeting is  called, shall  be
delivered not less than ten days (or, in the case of a special meeting
called at the request of shareholders, not less than twenty-five days)
nor more than sixty (60) days  before the date of the meeting,  either
personally or by mail, by or at the direction of the President, or the
Secretary, or  the officer  or persons  calling the  meeting, to  each
shareholder of record entitled  to vote at such  meeting.  If  mailed,
such notice shall  be deemed  to be  delivered when  deposited in  the
United States mail, addressed to the shareholder at his address as  it
appears on the  stock record books  of the  Corporation, with  postage
thereon prepaid .

16/  Section 5.    Voting  and Record  Date.     At  each  meeting  of
shareholders, whether  annual or  special, each  shareholder shall  be
entitled to vote in person or  by proxy appointed by an instrument  in
writing subscribed  by such  shareholder, and  each shareholder  shall
have one vote  for each share  registered in his  or her  name on  the
books of the  Corporation at the  close of business  on a record  date
which shall be not more  than seventy (70) days  prior to the date  of
the meeting as such record date is fixed by the Board of Directors.


16/  Section 6.  Voting Lists.   The officer or agent having charge of
the stock transfer books for shares  of the Corporation shall,  before
each meeting of shareholders, make a complete list of the shareholders
entitled to vote at such meeting, or any adjournment thereof, with the
address of and the number of shares held by each, which list shall  be
available for inspection by any shareholder beginning two (2) business
days after  notice of  the meeting  is given  for which  the list  was
prepared  and  continuing  to   the  date  of   the  meeting  at   the
Corporation's principal  office  and at  the  time and  place  of  the
meeting during the  whole time  of the  meeting.   The original  stock
transfer books  shall  be prima  facie  evidence  as to  who  are  the
shareholders entitled to  examine such list  or transfer  books or  to
vote at  any meeting  of shareholders.   Failure  to comply  with  the
requirements of  this section  shall not  affect the  validity of  any
action taken at such meeting.

     Section 7.  Quorum.   A majority of the outstanding shares of the
Corporation entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, shall
constitute a quorum at a meeting of shareholders.  Though less than  a
quorum of  the outstanding  shares are  represented  at a  meeting,  a
majority of the  shares so represented  may adjourn  the meeting  from
time to time  without further notice.   At such  adjourned meeting  at
which a quorum shall  be present or represented,  any business may  be
transacted  which  might  have  been  transacted  at  the  meeting  as
originally notified.

     Section 8.    Proxies.     At  all meetings  of  shareholders,  a
shareholder entitled to vote may vote by proxy appointed in writing by
the shareholder or  by his  duly authorized  attorney in  fact.   Such
proxy shall be filed with the  Secretary of the Corporation before  or
at the time  of the meeting.   No proxy  shall be  valid after  eleven
months from the date  of its execution,  unless otherwise provided  in
the proxy.  The Board of Directors shall have the power and  authority
to make  rules  establishing  presumptions  as  to  the  validity  and
sufficiency of proxies.

     Section 9.  Voting of Shares.    Each outstanding share  entitled
to vote shall be entitled to one vote upon each matter submitted to  a
vote at a meeting of shareholders.

16/  Section 10.   Waiver of Notice  by Shareholders.    Whenever  any
notice whatever is  required to  be given  to any  shareholder of  the
Corporation under  the  provisions  of  these  By-Laws  or  under  the
provisions of the Articles of Incorporation or under the provisions of
any Statute, a waiver thereof in writing, signed at any time,  whether
before or after the  time of meeting, by  the shareholder entitled  to
such notice, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such  notice;
provided that such waiver in respect to any matter of which notice  is
required under any provision of Chapter 180, Wisconsin Statutes, shall
contain the  same  information  as would  have  been  required  to  be
included in such notice, except the time and place of meeting.

16/  Section 11.    Informal Action  by  Shareholders.     Any  action
required to be taken  at a meeting of  the shareholders, or any  other
action which may  be taken at  a meeting of  the shareholders, may  be
taken without a  meeting if a  consent in writing,  setting forth  the
action so taken, shall be signed  by all of the shareholders  entitled
to vote with respect to the subject matter thereof.


                             ARTICLE III.

                          BOARD OF DIRECTORS


     Section 1.   General Powers.    The business  and affairs of  the
Corporation shall be managed by its Board of Directors.

6/8/9/10/11/13/14/15/17/18/
     Section 2.  Number,  Tenure and Qualifications.    The number  of
Directors of the Corporation shall not be less than seven (7) nor more
than nine (9).   The  Directors shall  be divided  into three  classes
which are as nearly equal in number as circumstances permit from  time
to time.  Each Director shall be elected to serve a term of three  (3)
years (except  that directors  may be  elected  for shorter  terms  as
necessary  in  order  to  fill  vacancies  in  particular  classes  of
Directors), and the  respective terms of  all directors  of one  class
shall expire at each  annual meeting of  shareholders.  Each  Director
shall hold office for the term for  which he is elected and until  his
successor is elected and  qualified, or until his  death, or until  he
shall resign or shall have been removed in the manner provided in  the
Articles of Incorporation.   Directors need  not be  residents of  the
State of Wisconsin or shareholders of  the Corporation.  Any  Director
that is also an employee shall,  upon retirement or resignation as  an
employee, cease to be a member of the Board of Directors.
12/16/

     Section 3.   Nomination  of Directors.     Only persons  who  are
nominated  in  accordance  with  the  following  procedures  shall  be
eligible for  election  as  Directors.   Nominations  of  persons  for
election to the Board  of Directors of the  Corporation at the  annual
meeting may  be  made  at a  meeting  of  shareholders by  or  at  the
direction of the  Board of Directors  by any  nominating committee  or
person appointed by the  Board of Directors or  by any shareholder  of
the Corporation entitled to vote for the election of Directors at  the
meeting who  complies with  the notice  procedures set  forth in  this
Section 3.   Such  nominations, other  than those  made by  or at  the
direction of the Board of Directors, shall be made pursuant to  timely
notice in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation.  To be  timely,
a shareholder's notice shall be delivered to or mailed and received at
the principal executive offices of the Corporation not less than fifty
(50) days nor more  than seventy-five (75) days  prior to the  meeting
date set under the  provisions of these   By-Laws; provided,  however,
that in  the  event that  the  meeting is  not  held within  ten  (10)
business days of the  date set in these  By-Laws and less than  sixty-
five (65) days' notice or prior  public disclosure of the date of  the
meeting is given or made to shareholders, notice by the shareholder to
be timely must be so received not later than the close of business  on
the fifteenth (15th) day following the day on which such notice of the
date of the  meeting was mailed  or such public  disclosure was  made,
whichever first occurs.  Such shareholder's   notice to the  Secretary
shall set forth (a) as to each person whom the shareholder proposes to
nominate for election or re-election as a Director, (i) the name, age,
business address  and  residence  address  of  the  person,  (ii)  the
principal occupation or employment of the person, (iii) the class  and
number of  shares  of  capital stock  of  the  Corporation  which  are
beneficially owned  by  the person,  and  (iv) any  other  information
relating  to  the  person  that  is   required  to  be  disclosed   in
solicitations for  proxies  for  election  of  Directors  pursuant  to
[Regulation 14A]  under  the Securities  Exchange   Act  of  1934,  as
amended; and (b) as to the shareholder giving the notice (i) the  name
and record address of the shareholder and (ii) the class and number of
shares of  capital stock  of the  Corporation which  are  beneficially
owned by the shareholder.   The Corporation  may require any  proposed
nominee to  furnish  such  other  information  as  may  reasonably  be
required by  the  Corporation to  determine  the eligibility  of  such
proposed nominee to serve as a Director of the Corporation.  No person
shall be eligible for election as a Director of the Corporation unless
nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth herein.

     The  Chairman  of  the  meeting  shall,  if  the  facts  warrant,
determine and declare to the meeting that a nomination was not made in
accordance  with  the  foregoing  procedure,  and  if  he  should   so
determine, he  shall  so declare  to  the meeting  and  the  defective
nomination shall be disregarded.

1/12/16/
     Section 4.  Regular Meetings.   A regular meeting of the Board of
Directors shall be  held within 30  days after the  annual meeting  of
shareholders, and each  adjourned session  thereof, and  at any  other
time as determined by the Board of Directors.  Regular meetings of the
Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such
place as  may  from  time  to  time be  determined  by  the  Board  of
Directors.

12/  Section 5.  Special Meetings.   Special meetings of the Board  of
Directors may  be  called by  or  at  the request  of  the  President,
Secretary or any two  Directors.  The person or persons authorized  to
call special meetings  of the Board  of Directors may  fix any  place,
within the Continental United   States, as the  place for holding  any
special meeting of the Board of Directors called by them.


12/16/
     Section 6.  Notice.   Notice of any special meeting of the  Board
of Directors shall be given at least forty-eight (48) hours before the
date of the meeting or on such shorter notice as the person or persons
calling  such  meeting  may  deem  necessary  or  appropriate  in  the
circumstances, by word of  mouth, telephone or radiophone  personally,
or written notice mailed to each Director at his business address,  or
by telegram.   Whenever  any notice  is required  to be  given to  any
Director of the Corporation under the  provisions of these By-Laws  or
under the provisions  of the Articles  of Incorporation  or under  the
provisions of any   Statute,  a waiver  thereof in writing, signed  at
any time, whether before or after the time of meeting, by the Director
entitled to such notice, shall be  deemed equivalent to the giving  of
such notice.    The attendance  of  a   Director  at a  meeting  shall
constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except where a Director
attends a  meeting  and objects  thereat  to the  transaction  of  any
business because  the  meeting is  not  lawfully called  or  convened.
Neither the business  to be  transacted at,  nor the  purpose of,  any
regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors need be specified
in the notice or waiver of notice of such meeting.

     Section 7.  Quorum.   A majority of the number of Directors fixed
by Section 2  of this Article  III shall constitute  a quorum for  the
transaction of business at any meeting of the Board of Directors,  but
though less than such  quorum is present at  a meeting, a majority  of
the Directors  present  may adjourn  the  meeting from  time  to  time
without further notice.

     Section 8.   Manner of Acting.    The  act of a  majority of  the
Directors present at a meeting at  which a quorum is present shall  be
the act of the Board of Directors, unless the act of a greater  number
is required by these By-Laws or By-Law.

6/   Section 9.  Vacancies.    Any vacancy  occurring in the Board  of
Directors, including a vacancy created by an increase in the number of
Directors, may be  filled for the  balance, if any,  of the  unexpired
term by the affirmative  vote of a majority  of the Directors then  in
office, though less than a quorum of the Board of Directors.  For  the
purposes of  this  section,  the  term  "vacancy"  shall  include  the
disability of  any  Director  to the  point  where  he  cannot  attend
Directors' meetings or effectively discharge his duties as a Director.

     Section  10.    Compensation.      The  Board  of  Directors,  by
affirmative vote of a  majority of the Directors  then in office,  and
irrespective of  any personal  interest of  any  of its  members,  may
establish reasonable compensation of any or all Directors for services
to the  Corporation  as  Directors,  officers  or  otherwise,  or  may
delegate such authority to an appropriate committee.



     Section 11.    Presumption  of  Assent.      A  Director  of  the
Corporation who is present at a meeting of the Board of Directors or a
committee thereof at  which action on  any corporate  matter is  taken
shall be presumed  to have  assented to  the action  taken unless  his
dissent shall be entered  in the minutes of  the meeting or unless  he
shall file his written dissent to  such action with the person  acting
as the  Secretary of  the meeting  before the  adjournment thereof  or
shall forward such dissent by registered mail to the Secretary of  the
Corporation immediately after  the adjournment of  the meeting.   Such
right to dissent shall not apply to  a Director who voted in favor  of
such action.

     Section 12.  Committees.    The Board of Directors by  resolution
adopted by  the  affirmative vote  of  a  majority of  the  number  of
Directors fixed by Section 2 of  the Article III may designate one  or
more committees, each committee to consist of three or more  Directors
elected by the  Board of Directors,  which to the  extent provided  in
said resolution as initially  adopted, and as thereafter  supplemented
or amended by further resolution adopted by a like vote shall have and
may exercise,  when the  Board of  Directors is  not in  session,  the
powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and
affairs of the Corporation, except action with respect to  declaration
of dividends to shareholders, election of  officers or the filling  of
vacancies in the Board of Directors or committees created pursuant  to
this section.  The  Board of Directors  may elect one  or more of  its
members as alternate members  of any such committee  who may take  the
place of  any  absent  member  or  members  at  any  meeting  of  such
committee, upon  request  by the  President  or upon  request  by  the
Chairman of such meeting.  Each such committee shall fix its own rules
governing the conduct of its activities and shall make such reports to
the Board of Directors of its activities as the Board of Directors may
request.

4/   Section 13.  Informal Action by  Directors and Committees.    Any
action required to be taken at a meeting of the Board of Directors  or
a committee thereof, or any action which may be taken at a meeting  of
the Board of Directors, or a committee thereof, may be taken without a
meeting if a consent  in writing, setting forth  the action so  taken,
shall be signed  by all of  the Directors, or  members of a  committee
thereof, entitled to vote with respect to the subject matter thereof.

14/16/
     Section 14.  Telephonic Meetings.   Unless otherwise provided  by
the Articles of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the Board of Directors
of the Corporation  (and any  committees thereof)  may participate  in
regular or special meetings  by, or through the  use of, any means  of
communication  by   which   (i)  all   Directors   participating   may
simultaneously hear each  other, such as  by conference telephone,  or
(ii)  all   communication   is   immediately   transmitted   to   each
participating    Director,   and  each   participating  Director   can
immediately send messages  to all  other participating  Directors.   A
Director participating  in a  meeting by  such means  shall be  deemed
present in person at such meeting.   If action is  to be taken at  any
such telephonic Board of  Directors meeting on  any of the  following:
(i) a plan of merger or consolidation; (ii) a sale, lease, exchange or
other  disposition   of  substantial   property  or   assets  of   the
Corporation; (iii)  a  voluntary  dissolution  or  the  revocation  of
voluntary dissolution proceedings;  or (iv) a  filing for  bankruptcy,
then the identity of each Director participating in such meeting  must
be verified by the disclosure of each such Director's social  security
number to the Secretary of the Corporation before a vote may be  taken
on any of the foregoing matters.


                           3/  ARTICLE IV.

                               OFFICERS

5/   Section 1.  Number.    The principal officers of the  Corporation
shall be  a    Chairman  of  the Board  (if  the  Board  of  Directors
determines to elect one), a Vice  Chairman of the Board (if the  Board
determines to elect one), a   President, one or more Vice  Presidents,
one or more of whom may be designated Executive Vice President and one
or more of whom may be designated Senior Vice President, a  Secretary,
and a  Treasurer,  each of  whom  shall be  elected  by the  Board  of
Directors.   Such other  officers and  assistant  officers as  may  be
deemed  necessary  may  be  elected  or  appointed  by  the  Board  of
Directors.  Any two or  more offices may be  held by the same  person,
except the offices of President and  Vice President and President  and
Secretary.   The duties  of the  officers  shall be  those  enumerated
herein and any further  duties designated by  the Board of  Directors.
The duties herein specified for particular officers may be transferred
to and vested in such other  officers as the Board of Directors  shall
elect or appoint, from  time to time and  for such periods or  without
limitation as to time as the Board shall order.

     Officers of  the  Corporation may  apply  their titles  to  their
duties on behalf  of the various  divisions of the  Corporation.   The
Board of Directors may,  as it deems necessary,  authorize the use  of
additional official titles  by individuals whose  duties in behalf  of
the various divisions of the Corporation so warrant, the authority  of
such divisional offices to be confined to the appropriate divisions.

     Section 2.  Election and  Term of Office.    The officers of  the
Corporation to be elected by the  Board of Directors shall be  elected
annually by the Board of Directors  at the first meeting of the  Board
of Directors held after each annual  meeting of the shareholders.   If
the election  of officers  shall not  be held  at such  meeting,  such
election shall  be held  as soon  thereafter as  conveniently may  be.
Each  officer shall  hold office until his  successor shall have  been
duly elected or until his prior death, resignation or removal.

     Section 3.  Removal.   Any officer or agent may be removed by the
Board of Directors whenever in its judgment the best interests of  the
Corporation will be served thereby, but such removal shall be  without
prejudice to the contract  rights, if any, of  the person so  removed.
Election or appointment shall not of itself create contract rights.

     Section 4.   Vacancies.     A  vacancy  in any  principal  office
because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise,
shall be filled by the Board of Directors for the unexpired portion of
the term.

     Section 5.  Chairman of  the Board.    The Chairman of the  Board
(if the Board of Directors determines  to elect one) shall preside  at
all meetings of the Board of Directors and shall have such further and
other authority, responsibility  and duties as  may be  granted to  or
imposed  upon  him  by  the  Board  of  Directors,  including  without
limitation his designation  pursuant to Section  7 as Chief  Executive
Officer of the Corporation.


5/   Section 6.  Vice Chairman  of The Board.    The Vice Chairman  of
the Board (if the Board of  Directors determines to elect one)  shall,
in the absence of the Chairman  of the Board, preside at all  meetings
of the  Board of  Directors  and shall  have  such further  and  other
authority, responsibility and duties as may  be granted to or  imposed
upon him by the Board of  Directors, including without limitation  his
designation pursuant to Section  8 as Chief  Executive Officer of  the
Corporation.

5/   Section 7.   President.     The President,  unless the  Board  of
Directors shall otherwise order  pursuant to Section  8, shall be  the
Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation and, subject to the control
of the Board of Directors, shall in general supervise and control  all
of the  business and  affairs  of the  Corporation.   He  shall,  when
present, preside at all meetings of the shareholders and shall preside
at all meetings of the Board of Directors unless the Board shall  have
elected a  Chairman  of  the  Board  of  Directors.    He  shall  have
authority, subject to such rules as may be prescribed by the Board  of
Directors, to appoint such agents and employees of the Corporation  as
he shall  deem  necessary,  to  prescribe  their  powers,  duties  and
compensation, and  to delegate  authority to  them.   Such agents  and
employees shall hold office  at the discretion of  the President.   He
shall have authority to  sign, execute and  acknowledge, on behalf  of
the Corporation,  all  deeds, mortgages,  bonds,  stock  certificates,
contracts, leases,  reports and  all  other documents  or  instruments
necessary or proper to be executed in the course of the  Corporation's
regular business or  which shall be  authorized by  resolution of  the
Board of Directors;  and except as  otherwise provided by  law or  the
Board of  Directors, he  may authorize  any  Vice President  or  other
officer or agent of the Corporation  to sign, execute and  acknowledge
such documents or instruments in his place and stead.  In general,  he
shall perform all duties incident to the office of the Chief Executive
Officer and such  other duties as  may be prescribed  by the Board  of
Directors from time  to time.   In the  event the  Board of  Directors
determines not to elect a Chairman of the Board or a Vice Chairman  of
the Board, or in the event of his or their absence or disability,  the
President shall perform the  duties of the Chairman  of the Board  and
when so acting shall have all the powers  of and be subject to all  of
the duties and restrictions imposed upon the Chairman of the Board.

5/   Section 8.   Chairman of the  Board as  Chief Executive  Officer.
The Board of Directors  may designate the Chairman  of the Board,  the
Vice Chairman of the  Board or the President,  as the Chief  Executive
Officer of the Corporation.   In any such  event, the Chairman of  the
Board, the Vice Chairman of the  Board or the President, shall  assume
all authority, power, duties and responsibilities otherwise  appointed
to the President  pursuant to  Section 7,  and all  references to  the
President in these By-Laws shall be regarded as references also to the
Chairman of the  Board or Vice  Chairman of the  Board, as such  Chief
Executive  Officer,  except  where  a  contrary  meaning  is   clearly
required.

     In further consequence of designating  the Chairman of the  Board
or the Vice Chairman of the Board as the Chief Executive Officer,  the
President shall  thereby become  the Chief  Operating Officer  of  the
Corporation.  He shall, in the absence of the Chairman of the Board or
of the  Vice  Chairman  of  the Board,  preside  at  all  meetings  of
shareholders and Directors.  During the  absence or disability of  the
Chairman of the  Board or  the Vice Chairman  of the  Board, he  shall
exercise  the  functions  of  the  Chief  Executive  Officer  of   the
Corporation.   He  shall  have authority  to  sign  all  certificates,
contracts, and  other  instruments  of the  Corporation  necessary  or
proper to  be executed  in the  course  of the  Corporation's  regular
business or which shall  be authorized by the  Board of Directors  and
shall perform all such other duties  as are incident to his office  or
are properly required of him by  the Board of Directors, the  Chairman
of the Board or  the Vice Chairman of  the Board.   He shall have  the
authority, subject to  such rules, directions,  or orders,  as may  be
prescribed by the Chairman  of the Board or  the Vice Chairman of  the
Board, or  the  Board  of Directors,  to  appoint  and  terminate  the
appointment of  such agents  and employees  of the  Corporation as  he
shall  deem   necessary,  to   prescribe  their   power,  duties   and
compensation and to delegate authority to them.

5/   Section 9.  The Vice Presidents.    At the time of election,  one
or more  of  the Vice  Presidents  may be  designated  Executive  Vice
President and one  or more of  the Vice Presidents  may be  designated
Senior Vice President.   In  the absence of  the President  or in  the
event of his death, inability or refusal  to act, or in the event  for
any reason  it  shall  be  impracticable  for  the  President  to  act
personally, the Executive  Vice President, or  if more  than one,  the
Executive Vice Presidents in the order designated at the time of their
election, or in the absence of any such designation, then in the order
of their election, or in  the event of his  or their inability to  act
then the Senior Vice  President or if more  than one, the Senior  Vice
Presidents in the order designated at  the time of their election,  or
in the absence  of any  such designation then  in the  order of  their
election, or in the event of his  or their inability to act, then  the
other Vice Presidents  in the order  designated at the  time of  their
election, or in the absence of any such designation, then in the order
of their election, shall perform the duties of the President and  when
so acting shall  have all  the powers  of and  be subject  to all  the
restrictions upon the President.  Any Vice President may sign with the
Secretary or  Assistant  Secretary  certificates  for  shares  of  the
Corporation and shall perform such other  duties as from time to  time
may be assigned to him by the President or the Board of Directors.

5/   Section 10.  The Secretary.   The Secretary shall:  (a) keep  the
minutes of  the meetings  of  the shareholders  and  of the  Board  of
Directors in one or more books provided for that purpose; (b) see that
all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of  these
By-Laws or  as required  by law;  (c) be  custodian of  the  Corporate
Records and of the Seal  of the Corporation and  see that the Seal  of
the Corporation is affixed to all documents the execution of which  on
the behalf of the Corporation under  its seal is duly authorized;  (d)
keep or  arrange for  the keeping  of a  register of  the post  office
address of each shareholder which shall be furnished to the  Secretary
by such shareholder; (e) sign with the President, or a Vice President,
certificates for  shares of  the Corporation,  the issuance  of  which
shall have been authorized  by resolution of  the Board of  Directors;
(f)  have  general  charge  of  the   stock  transfer  books  of   the
Corporation; and (g)  in general perform  all duties  incident to  the
office of  Secretary and  have such  other  duties and  exercise  such
authority as from time to time may be delegated or assigned to him  by
the President or by the Board of Directors.

5/   Section 11.   The Treasurer.    The  Treasurer shall:   (a)  have
charge and custody and be responsible for all funds and securities  of
the Corporation;  (b) receive  and give  receipts for  moneys due  and
payable to the Corporation from any source whatsoever, and deposit all
such moneys  in the  name  of the  Corporation  in such  banks,  trust
companies or other  depositories as  shall be  selected in  accordance
with the  provisions of  Section  4, Article  V;  and (c)  in  general
perform all of the duties incident to the office of Treasurer and have
such other duties and  exercise such other authority  as from time  to
time may be delegated or  assigned to him by  the President or by  the
Board of  Directors.   If  required by  the  Board of  Directors,  the
Treasurer shall give a bond for  the faithful discharge of his  duties
in such sum and with such surety or sureties as the Board of Directors
shall determine.

5/   Section 12.    Assistant Secretaries  and  Assistant  Treasurers.
There shall  be such  number of  Assistant Secretaries  and  Assistant
Treasurers as the Board of Directors may from time to time  authorize.
The Assistant  Secretaries  may sign  with  the President  or  a  Vice
President certificates for shares of the Corporation, the issuance  of
which shall  have been  authorized by  a resolution  of the  Board  of
Directors.  The Assistant  Treasurers shall respectively, if  required
by the Board of  Directors, give bonds for  the faithful discharge  of
their duties  in such  sums and  with such  sureties as  the Board  of
Directors shall determine.   The Assistant  Secretaries and  Assistant
Treasurers, in  general,  shall  perform such  duties  and  have  such
authority as shall from time to time be delegated or assigned to  them
by the Secretary or the Treasurer,  respectively, or by the  President
or the Board of Directors.

5/   Section 13.  Other Assistants and Acting Officers.   The Board of
Directors shall  have  the power  to  appoint  any person  to  act  as
assistant to  any officer,  or as  agent for  the Corporation  in  his
stead, or  to perform  the duties  of such  officer whenever  for  any
reason it is  impracticable for such  officer to  act personally,  and
such assistant or acting  officer or other agent  so appointed by  the
Board of Directors shall have the  power to perform all the duties  of
the office to which he is so appointed to be assistant, or as to which
he is  so appointed  to act,  except as  such power  may be  otherwise
defined or restricted by the Board of Directors.

5/   Section 14.  Salaries.    The salaries of the principal  officers
shall be fixed from  time to time by  the Board of  Directors or by  a
duly authorized committee thereof, and  no officer shall be  prevented
from receiving such salary  by reason of  the fact that  he is also  a
Director of the Corporation.

4/5/16/
     Section 15.   Liability of  Directors and  Officers and  Employee
Fiduciaries.    No Director shall  be liable to  the Corporation,  its
shareholders,  or  any  person  asserting  rights  on  behalf  of  the
Corporation or  its  shareholders,  for  damages,  settlements,  fees,
fines, penalties or other monetary  liabilities arising from a  breach
of, or failure to perform, any  duty resulting solely from his or  her
status as a  Director, unless  the person  asserting liability  proves
that  the  breach  or  failure  to  perform  constitutes  any  of  the
following:  (a) willful failure to deal fairly with the Corporation or
its shareholders in connection with a matter in which the Director has
a material conflict of interest; (b) violation of criminal law, unless
the Director had reasonable cause to  believe that his or her  conduct
was lawful or no reasonable cause  to believe that his or her  conduct
was unlawful;  (c)  transaction from  which  the Director  derived  an
improper personal profit; (d) willful misconduct.  No person shall  be
liable to the  Corporation for any  loss or damage  suffered by it  on
account of  any action  taken or  omitted to  be taken  by him  as  an
officer, or  employee  fiduciary  as  that  term  is  defined  in  the
Employment Retirement  Security  Act  of  1974  (hereinafter,  and  in
Section 15 of  this Article IV,  called "employee  fiduciary") of  the
Corporation or of any other corporation which he serves as an officer,
or employee  fiduciary at  the request  of  the Corporation,  in  good
faith, if such person (a) exercised  and used the same degree of  care
and skill as  a prudent  man would have  exercised or  used under  the
circumstances in  the conduct  of  his own  affairs,  or (b)  took  or
omitted to take such action in reliance upon advice of counsel for the
Corporation or  upon  statements  made  or  information  furnished  by
officers or  employees  of the  Corporation  which he  had  reasonable
grounds to believe to be  true.  The foregoing shall not be  exclusive
of other rights and defenses to which  he may be entitled as a  matter
of law.

4/5/16/
     Section 16.   Indemnity of  Officers and  Directors and  Employee
Fiduciaries.  Every  person who  is or was  a Director  or officer  or
employee fiduciary of  the Corporation, and  any person  who may  have
served at its request as a  Director or officer or employee  fiduciary
of another Corporation in which it owns shares of capital stock or  of
which it is a creditor, shall (together with the heirs, executors  and
administrators of  such  person)  be indemnified  by  the  Corporation
against all costs, damages and expenses asserted against, incurred  by
or imposed upon him  in connection with or  resulting from any  claim,
action, suit or proceeding,  including criminal proceedings, to  which
he is made or threatened to be made a party by reason of his being  or
having been such  Director or officer  or employee  fiduciary, upon  a
determination by or on  behalf of the  Corporation that the  Director,
officer or employee fiduciary did not breach or fail to perform a duty
constituting any of the following:  (a) willful failure to deal fairly
with the Corporation or its shareholders  in connection with a  matter
in which the Director or officer has a material conflict of  interest;
(b) violation of the criminal law, unless the Director or officer  had
reasonable cause to believe that his  or her conduct was lawful or  no
reasonable  cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful; (c)
transaction from which  the Director  or officer  derived an  improper
personal profit; (d) willful misconduct.  This indemnity shall include
reimbursement of amounts  and expenses incurred  and paid in  settling
any such claim,  action, suit  or proceeding.   The  termination of  a
proceeding by judgment, order, settlement or conviction or upon a plea
of guilty or  nolo contendere  or its  equivalent shall  not create  a
presumption that such Director or officer or employee fiduciary is not
entitled to indemnification under this Section 16.

     The Corporation, by its Board of Directors, may indemnify in like
manner, or with any  limitations, any employee  or former employee  of
the Corporation with respect to any  action taken or not taken in  his
capacity as such employee.

     The foregoing rights of indemnification  shall be in addition  to
all rights to which officers, Directors  or employees may be  entitled
as a matter of law.


                              ARTICLE V.
                CONTRACTS, LOANS, CHECKS AND DEPOSITS

3/   Section 1.  Contracts.   The Board of Directors may authorize any
officer or officers, agent  or agents, to enter  into any contract  or
execute or deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of  the
Corporation, and  such authorization  may be  general or  confined  to
specific instances.  In the absence  of other designation, all  deeds,
mortgages  and  instruments  of  assignment  or  pledge  made  by  the
Corporation shall be executed  in the name of  the Corporation by  the
President or  one of  the Vice  Presidents and  by the  Secretary,  an
Assistant Secretary,  the Treasurer  or  an Assistant  Treasurer,  the
Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, when necessary or required, shall
affix the Corporate Seal thereto; and when so executed no other  party
to such instrument or  any third party shall  be required to make  any
inquiry into the authority of the signing officer or officers.

     Section 2.  Loans.    No loans shall  be contracted on behalf  of
the Corporation and no evidence of indebtedness shall be issued in its
name unless authorized by  or under the authority  of a resolution  of
the Board of Directors.  Such authorization may be general or confined
to specific instances.

     Section 3.  Checks,  Drafts, Etc.    All checks, drafts or  other
orders  for  the  payment  of  money,  notes  or  other  evidences  of
indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation, shall be signed by
such officer or officers,  agent or agents of  the Corporation and  in
such manner as shall from time to  time be determined by or under  the
authority of resolution of the Board of Directors.

     Section 4.    Deposits.     All  funds  of  the  Corporation  not
otherwise employed shall be deposited from time to time to the  credit
of  the  Corporation   in  such  banks,   trust  companies  or   other
depositaries as may be selected by or under the authority of the Board
of Directors.


                             ARTICLE VI.

             CERTIFICATES FOR SHARES AND THEIR TRANSFERS

     Section 1.  Certificates for Shares.   Certificates  representing
shares of the Corporation shall be in such form as shall be determined
by the Board of Directors.   Such certificates shall be signed by  the
President or a  Vice President and  by the Secretary  or an  Assistant
Secretary.    All  certificates  for  shares  shall  be  consecutively
numbered or otherwise identified.  The name and address of the  person
to whom the shares represented thereby are issued, with the number  of
shares and date of issue, shall be entered on the stock transfer books
of the Corporation.  All  certificates surrendered to the  Corporation
for transfer shall be canceled and no new certificates shall be issued
until the former certificate  for a like number  of shares shall  have
been surrendered  and  canceled,  except  that  in  case  of  a  lost,
destroyed or mutilated certificate  a new one  may be issued  therefor
upon such  terms and  indemnity to  the Corporation  as the  Board  of
Directors may prescribe.

     Section 2.   Facsimile Signatures  and Seal.    The  Seal of  the
Corporation on any certificates  for shares may be  a facsimile.   The
signatures of the  President or Vice  President and  the Secretary  or
Assistant Secretary  upon  a  certificate may  be  facsimiles  if  the
certificate is countersigned by a transfer  agent, or registered by  a
registrar, other than  the Corporation itself  or an  employee of  the
Corporation.

     Section 3.  Signature by Former  Officers.   In case any  officer
who has signed or whose facsimile  signature has been placed upon  any
certificate for shares, shall  have ceased to  be such officer  before
such certificate is issued, it may  be issued by the Corporation  with
the same effect as if he were such officer at the date of its issue.

     Section 4.   Transfer  of Shares.     Transfer of  shares of  the
Corporation shall be  made only  on the  stock transfer  books of  the
Corporation  by  the  holder  of  record  thereof  or  by  his   legal
representative, who  shall furnish  proper  evidence of  authority  to
transfer, or by his attorney thereunto authorized by power of attorney
duly executed and filed with the  Secretary of the Corporation or  the
Corporation's transfer agent, and on surrender for cancellation of the
certificate for such shares.  The person in whose name shares stand on
the books of the Corporation shall be deemed by the Corporation to  be
the owner thereof for all purposes.

     Section 5.  Lost, Destroyed or  Stolen Certificates.   Where  the
owner claims that his certificate for shares has been lost,  destroyed
or wrongfully  taken,  a new  certificate  shall be  issued  in  place
thereof if the owner (a) so requests before the Corporation has notice
that such shares have been acquired by a bona fide purchaser, and  (b)
files with  the  Corporation  a sufficient  indemnity  bond,  and  (c)
satisfies such other reasonable requirements as the Board of Directors
may prescribe.

     Section 6.  Stock  Regulations.   The  Board of  Directors  shall
have the  power and  authority  to make  all  such further  rules  and
regulations not  inconsistent  with  the  Statutes  of  the  State  of
Wisconsin as they  may deem expedient  concerning the issue,  transfer
and  registration   of  certificates   representing  shares   of   the
Corporation.



                             ARTICLE VII.

                             FISCAL YEAR


20/  Section 1.   Fiscal Year.    The fiscal  year of the  Corporation
shall end on the thirty-first day of December of each calendar year.



                            ARTICLE VIII.


                              DIVIDENDS

     Section 1.  Dividends.   The Board of Directors may from time  to
time  declare,  and  the  Corporation   may  pay,  dividends  on   its
outstanding shares in  the manner and  upon the  terms and  conditions
provided by law and its Articles of Incorporation.

     Section 2.  Record Date.   The Board of Directors may, but  shall
not be obligated to, order the  stock books of the Corporation  closed
so as to  prevent any  stock from being  transferred of  record for  a
period not exceeding  two (2) weeks  prior to the  date fixed for  the
payment of any dividend, or in the alternative, may fix a record  date
for the determination of those  shareholders entitled to receive  such
dividend, which record date, if so fixed, shall be not more than  four
(4) weeks prior to the date fixed for the payment of such dividend.


                             ARTICLE IX.

                                 SEAL

     Section 1.   Seal.     The  Board of  Directors shall  provide  a
Corporate Seal  which  shall  be  circular  in  form  and  shall  have
inscribed thereon  the  name  of the  Corporation  and  the  State  of
Incorporation and the words "Corporate Seal."


                            6/  ARTICLE X.

                              AMENDMENTS

     Section 1.   By Shareholders.     These By-Laws  may be  altered,
amended or repealed and new By-Laws  adopted by a vote of the  holders
of a majority of outstanding shares entitled to vote which are present
at any annual or special meeting of the shareholders at which a quorum
is in attendance; provided,  however, that no  amendment of Section  2
of Article II, or  of Section 2 or  Section 9 of   Article III, or  of
this Article X, by the shareholders shall be effective unless it shall
have been adopted by a vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds
(2/3) of all outstanding shares entitled to vote.

     Section 2.  By  Directors.   These  By-Laws may also be  altered,
amended or repealed and new By-Laws adopted by the Board of  Directors
by affirmative vote of  a majority of the  entire Board of  Directors,
but no By-Law adopted by the shareholders shall be amended or repealed
by the Board of Directors if the By-Law so adopted so provides.

21/  Section 3.  Implied Amendments.   Any action taken or  authorized
by the  shareholders or  by the  Board of  Directors, which  would  be
inconsistent  with  the  By-Laws  then  in  effect  but  is  taken  or
authorized by a vote that would be sufficient to amend the By-Laws  so
that the By-Laws would be consistent with such action, shall be  given
the same effect as though the By-Laws had been temporarily amended  or
suspended so  far, but  only so  far, as  is necessary  to permit  the
specific action so taken or authorized.


                       THIS INSTRUMENT DRAFTED
                                  BY
                        ATTORNEY A. F. RANKIN,
                        MANITOWOC,  WISCONSIN

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

                                               EXHIBIT 10.1(b)
                                               1994 10-K




            EXCERPT FROM MINUTES OF THE MANITOWOC COMPANY,
        INC. BOARD OF DIRECTORS MEETING HELD ON APRIL 26, 1994


  RESOLVED that The Manitowoc Company, Inc. Deferred Compensation
Plan, as effective July 4, 1993, is amended, effective as of this
date, as follows:

  1.   Section 3.4 shall be revised to read in its entirety as
follows:

  3.4  A non-employee director Participant may make a deferral
election with respect to all or part of his Compensation, in
increments of five percent (5%).  A key employee Participant may make
separate deferral elections, in whole percentages, with respect to
regular pay and incentive bonuses.  Deferral elections shall not
exceed forty percent (40%) of regular pay for any Plan Year and
deferral elections with regard to incentive bonuses are not subject to
a percentage maximum; provided, however, that the maximum amount of
Compensation of a key employee Participant for any Plan Year which may
be considered for purposes of determining the Company contribution
authorized by Section 7.1 shall not exceed twenty-five percent (25%)
for any Plan Year.  Deferral elections remain in effect from year to
year until modified or revoked in accordance with Plan rules.

  2.   Section 7.1 is amended by adding at the end thereof "and
Section 3.4".

  FURTHER RESOLVED, that the foregoing changes shall be incorporated
in revised pages of the Plan.

  FURTHER RESOLVED, that the Treasurer of the Company is authorized
and directed to make any technical amendments to the continuing Plan
in order to facilitate the foregoing amendments.

  FURTHER RESOLVED, that the foregoing Plan amendments do not
materially increase benefits provided by the Company to Plan
Participants such that additional stockholder approval under Section
9.5 of the Plan is not required.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-13
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>

                                                           EXHIBIT 13
                                                           1994 10-K


                     PORTIONS OF THE 1994 ANNUAL REPORT TO SHAREHOLDERS
                               OF THE MANITOWOC COMPANY, INC. 
                                 INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                            QUARTERLY COMMON STOCK PRICE RANGE
           The company's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
 Prior to May 27, 1993, the stock was traded over-the-counter on the NASDAQ National Market System.




                    1994                     1993                          1992
          ------------------------    ------------------------    -----------------------

Quarter      High    Low   Close        High    Low    Close        High    Low   Close
             ----   ----   -----        ----    ----   -----        ----   ----   -----
<S>         <C>     <C>     <C>         <C>     <C>     <C>         <C>     <C>     <C>
  1st       $33.25  $30.38  $31.50      $23.50  $19.00  $23.13      $21.00  $18.00  $18.00
  2nd        33.13   31.00   32.25       27.50   22.50   26.00       21.25   17.25   19.25
  3rd        32.38   27.75   27.75       29.50   24.88   28.00       23.75   19.38   22.00
  4th        28.25   24.88   25.13       32.50   27.75   32.25       24.50   21.25   21.88

</TABLE>











              MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF RESULTS
                   OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION



     CONSOLIDATED

     During fiscal 1994, The Manitowoc Company's consolidated sales
were down slightly to $275.4 million from $278.6 million in 1993.
Sales were $246.4 million in 1992.  The 1% decrease in 1994 sales was
caused by a 13% decline in crane sales, which was not fully offset by
a 14% increase in foodservice sales, and a 40% increase in marine
sales.

     Overall, the gross margin percentage was 25%, up from 20% in 1993
and 22% in 1992.  The gross margin in fiscal 1993 was adversely
impacted by a $9.7-million crane inventory charge and a $4.3-million
crane product liability settlement.  Without these items, fiscal 1993
gross margin would have been 25%.

     Cost of goods sold, as computed using the last-in, first-out
(LIFO) method of accounting for inventories, was reduced in both
fiscal 1994 and 1993 due to inventory quantity reductions.  As a
result of lower inventories, LIFO accounting added $1.7 million to net
earnings in 1994 and $1.9 million in 1993.  These increases were
partially offset by increases in product liability, environmental and
other general reserves of $0.7 million and $1.2 million, respectively.

     In fiscal 1993, the company adopted Statement of Financial
Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 106 "Employer's Accounting For
Postretirement Benefits Other Than Pensions" and SFAS No. 109
"Accounting For Income Taxes" effective June 28, 1992.  The cumulative
effect of adopting these standards was recorded as a charge to
earnings in 1993 of $8.0 million and $2.2 million for SFAS No. 106 and
109, respectively.     

     Engineering, selling and administrative expenses were $46.8 million, 
down slightly from $47.4 million in 1993, but up 7% from $44.0 million in 
1992.  The Manitex relocation costs of $3.3 million increased administrative 
expenses in 1993.

     Operating earnings were $21.1 million in 1994, compared to $8.3
million in 1993 and $10.5 million in 1992.  The drop in 1993 operating
margin was caused by the unusual expenses described above.

     The effective income tax rate, exclusive of the effect of
accounting changes, was 38%, up from 29% in 1993 and 1992.  See Note 6
in the Notes To Consolidated Financial Statements for a reconciliation
of the federal income tax at statutory rates and the provision for
income taxes as reported.

     Net earnings increased substantially in 1994 to $14 million,
compared to a loss of $3.9 million in 1993.  The net earnings decline
in 1993 was due to the crane inventory charges, a crane product
liability settlement, the Manitex relocation expenses and the
implementation of SFAS 106 and SFAS 109.

     [GRAPH NO. 1  --  Reversing a four-year decline, Manitowoc's
operating earnings rebounded to $21 million during fiscal 1994.   See
Appendix A]


     CRANES AND RELATED PRODUCTS

     Cranes and related products sales were down 13% to $156.3
million, compared to $178.6 million in 1993.  Crane sales were $155.7
million in 1992.  The 1994 decline in revenues was largely caused by a
decline in large crawler crane orders that began late in the first
half of the year.  This decline was experienced at Manitowoc
Engineering Company, our crawler crane manufacturer, and our company
owned dealerships.  The crane backlog was $46.5 million at the end of
1992, $57.7 million at the end of 1993, and $26.9 million at the end
of 1994.  Parts and service revenues were $36.2 million for the year
compared to about $36.8 million in 1993 and 1992.  Revenues from fleet
rentals were $5.8 million in 1994, $8.8 million in 1993 and $4.9
million in 1992.  Export sales were $44.3 million in 1994, compared to
$54.6 million in 1993 and $31.2 million in 1992.  In addition, foreign
sales from our non-U.S. operations were $14.1 million, compared to
$14.5 million in 1993 and $25.2 million in 1992.




     Crane segment operating earnings in fiscal 1994 were $2.3 million
compared to losses of $5.3 million and $0.9 million in 1993 and 1992,
respectively.  Included in the 1993 loss were: a $3.3 million boom
truck crane plant relocation charge, a $9.7 million charge for
inventory write downs, and $4.3 million for a product liability
settlement.  Fiscal 1994 operating margins were adversely affected by
losses in the boom truck crane and company owned dealership
businesses, as well as costs incurred in the formation and start-up of
West-Manitowoc.


     FOODSERVICE

     Foodservice products revenues were up 14% to $93.2 million.
Fiscal 1993 sales of $81.4 million were up 10% from $74.2 million in
1992.  The continued upward trend is due to steady growth in reach-in
refrigerator and freezer sales, a generally improving North American
ice machine market, a warmer than normal spring in 1994, and continued
success of the new B-models introduced during the second quarter of
fiscal 1993.  Export sales were $11.4 million, up 14% and 36% from
1993 and 1992, respectively.

     Operating earnings in the foodservice segment jumped to $21.6
million in 1994, compared to $18.3 million in 1993, and $17.6 million
in 1992, on continually increasing revenues.  Operating margins have
held steady at about 23% during this three-year period.


     MARINE

     Marine segment sales jumped 40% to $26.0 million, compared to
$18.5 million in 1993.  Fiscal 1992 sales were $16.5 million.  The
acquisition of the Toledo and Cleveland ship-repair operations in mid
fiscal 1992 added $9.4 million to sales during the year, as well as
adding $9.3 million to revenues in 1993 and $5.1 million in 1992.  The
Sturgeon Bay, Wisconsin, operation experienced a $7.3 million increase
in sales in 1993 due to the pick-up associated with being at the top
of the five-year cycle with respect to dry docking of the 1,000-foot
vessels plying the Great Lakes, and a general increase in demand for
ship repair.

     Fiscal 1994 saw a 313% increase in marine segment operating
earnings, from $0.6 million in 1993 to $2.4 million.  Comparable
earnings for 1992 were $0.3 million.  The increase in earnings over
this three-year period reflect the much higher revenues and a more
favorable product mix.

     [GRAPH NO. 2  --  In 1994, Manitowoc's gross margin improved $12
million, up 21% from $55.7 million in 1993.   See Appendix A]


     LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

     Cash flow from operations was $37.0 million compared to $62.7
million in 1993, $28.3 million in 1992 and $6.5 million in 1991.  Cash
flow in 1991 was depressed by a $14.2 million increase in working
capital (excluding cash and marketable securities), primarily from
inventory increases.  Subsequently, 1992, 1993, and 1994 cash flows
were increased by working capital (excluding cash and marketable
securities) reductions of $7.2 million, $45.5 million, and $16.8
million, respectively primarily due to lower inventories.  The
principal uses of cash in fiscal 1994 were $31.1 million to repurchase
stock, $10.7 million for the purchase of Femco Machine Co., $5.3
million for capital expenditures, and $8.7 million for dividends.

     Cash and marketable securities were $30.1 million at year-end,
down from $48.8 million in 1993 and $37.4 million in 1992.
Inventories were down to $31.2 million from $34.2 million in 1993,
$64.9 million in 1992, and $84.3 million in 1991.  The reduction is
the result of a concerted and ongoing program to eliminate slow-moving
and obsolete inventory, and improve inventory turns while enhancing
our competitive position with respect to customer responsiveness.

     Since September 8, 1992, the board of directors has authorized
the company to repurchase a total of 3 million shares of common stock.
During 1994, the company repurchased 1.1 million shares of its common
stock through open market purchases at an average cost of $29 per
share.  At the end of the year 762,000 shares remained under
authorization.

     The Company continues to be debt free and expects that current
cash reserves and future cash flow from operations will meet
foreseeable liquidity requirements.

     The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has
identified the company as a potentially responsible party (PRP) under
the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability
Act (CERCLA), liable for the costs associated with investigating and
cleaning up contamination at the Lemberger Landfill Superfund Site
(the Site) near Manitowoc, Wisconsin.

     Eleven of the potentially responsible parties have formed a group
(the Lemberger Site Remediation Group, or LSRG) and have successfully
negotiated with the EPA and Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources
to settle the potential liability at the Site and fund the cleanup.
Approximately 150 PRP's have been identified as having shipped
substances to the Site.

     Recent estimates indicate that the total cost to clean up the
site could be as high as $25 million; however, the ultimate
remediation methods and appropriate allocation of costs for the Site
are not yet final.

     Although liability is joint and several, the company's percentage
share of liability is estimated to be 5% of the total cleanup costs,
but could increase to 15% if no participation agreements are made
between the LSRG and any other PRP's.

     In connection with this matter, the company expenses $1.6
million, $0.5 million and $0.9 million in 1994, 1993, and 1992,
respectively, for its estimated portion of the cleanup costs.  In
addition, the company has notified its insurance carrier requesting
reimbursement of incurred and future costs at the Site.  Settlement of
this claim is uncertain; a recent Wisconsin Supreme Court decision did
not require an insurer to pay similar costs.  Any recoveries from the
insurance carrier will be recognized when received.

     In November 1992, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
issued Statement No. 112, "Employers' Accounting for Postemployment
Benefits," which will be effective in fiscal year 1995.  The adoption
of this statement will have no impact on the company's consolidated
financial statements.

     In May 1993, the FASB issued Statement No. 115, "Accounting for
Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities," which will be
effective in fiscal year 1995.  The company expects the adoption of
the new statement will not have a material effect on the company's
consolidated financial statements.

 [GRAPH NO. 3  --  Although export shipments have risen and fallen in
individual years, the general trend has remained upward over the past
five years.   See Appendix A]


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                          ELEVEN-YEAR RECORD
                                           (In thousands, except shares and per share data)

                                     Eleven-Year Financial Summary & Business Segment Information



                             1994      1993      1992      1991      1990      1989      1988    1987     1986     1985      1984
                             ----      ----      ----      ----      ----      ----      ----    ----     ----     ----      ----
<S>                     <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>      <C>       <C>      <S>
NET SALES:
 Cranes and related         
    products             $156,253  $178,630  $155,743  $147,554  $117,464  $102,430  $ 81,593  $46,571  $ 65,111  $ 56,879 $ 63,059
 Foodservice               93,171    81,424    74,175    73,944    74,612    74,431    72,986   72,501    69,476    75,583   76,351
 Marine                    25,956    18,504    16,471    14,689    33,752    23,735    17,710  103,995    87,625    12,143   50,314
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
     Total               $275,380  $278,558  $246,389  $236,187  $225,828  $200,596  $172,289 $223,067  $222,212  $144,605 $189,724
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Gross margin:           $ 67,924   $ 55,785  $ 54,443  $ 58,062  $ 54,366  $ 50,860  $ 37,033 $ 29,921  $ 28,332  $ 34,244 $ 47,617
- - ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
EARNINGS (LOSS) FROM 
  OPERATIONS:
 Cranes and related 
    products            $  2,275   $ (5,261) $   (850) $  7,602  $  5,490  $ 3,454   $ (1,974)$  4,532 $ (45,000) $(13,485) $(7,991)
 Foodservice              21,637     18,311    17,585    17,364    19,387   18,468     17,203   17,910    17,735    26,357   28,717
 Marine                    2,447        593       278      (973)    6,497    3,416    (15,921)  (9,693)   (7,260)   (5,726)   1,631
 General corporate*       (5,274)    (5,296)   (6,545)   (5,734)   (6,094)  (5,623)    (4,744)  (3,628)   (6,026)      -        -
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total                  21,085      8,347    10,468    18,259    25,280   19,715     (5,436)   9,121   (40,551)    7,146   22,357
Other income - net         1,494        582     1,104     2,233     5,077    4,527      4,187    7,510     8,154    11,591    6,229
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Earnings (loss) before 
  taxes on income         22,579     8,929    11,572    20,492    30,357    24,242     (1,249)  16,631   (32,397)   18,737   28,586
  Accounting changes          --    10,214        --        --        --        --        --        --        --        --       --
Provision (credit) for 
  taxes on income          8,536     2,612     3,315     5,060     9,327     7,344     (1,341)   4,868   (18,587)    6,549   11,308
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Net earnings (loss)     $ 14,043   $(3,897)  $ 8,257   $15,432   $21,030   $16,898   $     92 $ 11,763 $ (13,810) $ 12,188  $17,278
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
IDENTIFIABLE ASSETS:
 Cranes and related 
   products             $ 93,823  $105,750  $138,416  $136,995  $115,804 $  96,623   $ 75,217 $ 61,306 $  59,321  $ 84,215  $76,792
 Foodservice              31,460    29,526    25,608    28,019    24,168    26,074     27,449   33,486    28,465    30,749   29,277
 Marine                   16,726    16,720    19,253    18,009    22,683    32,451     24,049   41,366    24,824    24,866   28,662
 General corporate        43,839    56,015    41,829    35,983    50,143    61,966     82,374   94,628   147,028   104,596   85,754
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total                $185,848  $208,011  $225,106  $219,006  $212,798  $217,114   $209,089 $230,786 $ 259,638  $244,426 $220,485
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPRECIATION: 
 Cranes & related 
   products             $  4,211  $  3,875  $  4,053  $  3,691  $  2,895  $  2,953   $  3,000 $  2,972 $   3,441  $  4,027 $  4,755
 Foodservice               1,320     1,187     1,090       812       657       771        785      817       850       854      851
 Marine                      681       756       785       792       748       465      2,362    2,600     2,706     2,750    2,847
 General corporate *          61        44       196       234       431       380        327      303       433        --       --
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total                $  6,273  $  5,862  $  6,124  $  5,529  $  4,731  $  4,569   $  6,474 $  6,692 $   7,430  $  7,631 $  8,453
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
NET CAPITAL EXPENDITURES:                                                          
 Cranes and related 
   products             $  3,120  $  8,648  $  4,047  $  6,347  $  3,130  $  2,225   $  2,264 $  2,580 $   3,111  $  3,693 $  1,078
 Foodservice               2,300     2,152     1,099     2,797       748      (169)       229      201       338       753      571
 Marine                     (492)     (463)      500       113       197       108          1      112     1,334       624        6
 General corporate **        414       (39)     (508)   (2,955)       70       586        317       86       187        --       --
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Total                $  5,342  $ 10,298  $  5,138  $  6,302  $  4,145  $  2,750   $  2,811 $  2,979 $   4,970  $  5,070 $  1,655
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
PER SHARE:                                                                         
 Net earnings (loss)    $   1.61  $   (.40) $    .80  $   1.50  $   2.04  $   1.64   $    .01 $   1.08 $   (1.27) $   1.12 $   1.59
 Dividends                  1.00      1.00      1.00      1.00      2.00       .80        .80      .80       .80       .80      .80
 Stockholders' equity      11.61     13.06     16.04     16.20     15.66     15.63      14.86    15.70     15.39     17.35    17.07
Average shares 
  outstanding              8,736     9,759    10,321    10,321    10,321    10,335     10,630   10,870    10,868    10,860   10,845
- - -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

   Average shares outstanding:

           1994         8,736,594
           1993         9,759,387
           1992        10,320,847
           1991        10,320,994
           1990        10,321,249
           1989        10,335,066
           1988        10,630,104
           1987        10,870,357
           1986        10,867,617
           1985        10,859,978
           1984        10,844,989
                      


<FN>
 *Prior to 1986, all general corporate expenses were allocated to business segments.
**During 1991, certain assets were transferred from general corporate to the cranes and related products segment.

</TABLE>

[GRAPH NO. 4  --  By reducing our asset base, Manitowoc is adding value to 
 the company by making better use of its invested capital. See Appendix A]


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF EARNINGS
                                       (In thousands, except per share and average shares data)
                                   For the Years Ended July 2, 1994, July 3, 1993 and June 27, 1992

                                       1994              1993              1992
                                       ----              ----              ----
<S>                                <C>               <C>               <C>
EARNINGS:

 Net Sales                          $  275,380        $  278,558        $  246,389
                                   -----------       -----------       -----------
 Costs and expenses:
   Cost of sales                       207,456           222,773           191,946
   Engineering, selling, and  
     administrative expenses            46,839            44,138            43,975
   Plant relocation costs                   --             3,300                --
                                   -----------       -----------       -----------
     Total costs and expenses          254,295           270,211           235,921
                                   -----------       -----------       -----------
 Earnings from operations               21,085             8,347            10,468
 Interest and dividend income            1,697             1,328             1,861
 Other expense - net                      (203)             (746)             (757)
                                   -----------       -----------       -----------
 Earnings before taxes on income
   and cumulative effect of
   accounting changes                   22,579             8,929            11,572
 Provision for taxes on income           8,536             2,612             3,315
                                   -----------       -----------       -----------
 Earnings before cumulative effect
   of accounting changes                14,043             6,317             8,257
 Cumulative effect of changes in
   accounting for postretirement
   medical benefits and income
   taxes, net of tax                        --           (10,214)               --
                                   -----------       -----------       -----------
 Net earnings (loss)                $   14,043        $   (3,897)            8,257
                                   -----------       -----------       -----------
PER SHARE DATA:

 Net earnings before cumulative 
   effect of accounting changes     $     1.61         $     .65         $     .80
 Cumulative effect of accounting
   changes                                  --             (1.05)               --
                                   -----------       -----------       -----------
 Net earnings (loss)                $     1.61         $    (.40)        $     .80
                                   -----------       -----------       -----------
AVERAGE SHARES OUTSTANDING           8,736,594         9,759,387        10,320,847
                                   -----------       -----------       -----------
<FN>
The accompanying summary of significant accounting policies and notes
to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
statements.
</TABLE>

[GRAPH NO. 5  --  Although net sales declined slightly in 1994,
Manitowoc's consolidated net sales have risen nearly $50 million, up
21.9% since 1990.  See Appendix A ]


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                           (In thousands, except shares and per share data)
                                                  As of July 2, 1994 and July 3, 1993

                                                       1994           1993
                                                       ----           ----
<S>                                              <C>             <C>
ASSETS:

 CURRENT ASSETS:
   Cash and cash equivalents                      $   15,094      $  37,348
   Marketable securities                              15,008         11,488
   Accounts receivable, less
     allowances of $777 and $807                      42,589         49,623
   Inventories                                        31,240         34,200
   Prepaid expenses and other                          2,956          6,501
   Future income tax benefits                         10,770          8,841
                                                   ---------      ---------
     Total current assets                            117,657        148,001
                                                   ---------      ---------
   Intangibles and other - net                         4,859          3,030
   Property, plant and equipment - net                63,332         56,980
                                                   ---------      ---------
     Total assets                                  $ 185,848      $ 208,011
                                                   ---------      ---------

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:

 CURRENT LIABILITIES:
   Accounts payable and accrued expenses           $  53,784      $  52,884
   Income taxes payable                                4,859            128
   Product warranties                                  4,967          5,393
                                                   ---------      ---------     
   Total current liabilities                          63,610         58,405
                                                   ---------      ---------
 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES:
   Product warranties                                  3,129          2,712
   Deferred income taxes                               1,310          2,357
   Deferred employee expenses                         17,688         17,177
   Deferred income                                     3,811          5,765
   Other                                               2,441          2,159
                                                   ---------      ---------
     Total non-current liabilities                    28,379         30,170
                                                   ---------      ---------
 Commitments and contingencies

 STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY:
   Common stock (10,887,847 shares
     issued in both years)                               109            109
 Preferred stock                                          --             --
 Additional paid-in capital                           31,115         31,115
 Cumulative foreign currency
   translation adjustments                              (410)          (569)
 Retained earnings                                   134,433        129,078
 Treasury stock, at cost                             (71,388)       (40,297)
                                                   ---------      ---------
   Total stockholders' equity                         93,859        119,436
                                                   ---------      ---------
     Total liabilities and stockholders' equity    $ 185,848      $ 208,011
                                                   ---------      ---------
<FN>
The accompanying summary of significant accounting policies and notes
to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
balance sheets.
</TABLE>

[GRAPH NO. 6  --  With our tighter focus on improving the use of
invested capital, Manitowoc has aggressively cut inventories by $50
million since 1991.   See Appendix A]


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                            (In thousands)
                                   For the years ended July 2, 1994, July 3, 1993 and June 27, 1992


                                           1994        1993         1992
                                           ----        ----         ----
<S>                                   <C>         <C>            <C>
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATIONS:

 Net earnings (loss)                  $  14,043   $   (3,897)    $   8,257 
 Non-cash adjustments to income:
   Depreciation and amortization          6,401        6,048         6,300
   Deferred income taxes                 (2,976)      (1,449)          672
   Accounting changes                        --       10,214            --
   Plant relocation costs                    --        3,300            --
 Changes in operating assets and
  liabilities excluding effects
  of business acquisitions:
   Accounts receivable                    9,352        7,259       (12,457)
   Inventory                              6,438       30,660        19,740
   Other current assets                   3,592       (3,403)         (726)
   Current liabilities                    1,723       11,023           793
   Non-current liabilities                  669        1,606           642
   Deferred income                       (1,954)         736         5,029
   Non-current assets                      (293)         603            --
                                      ---------    ---------     ---------
 Net cash provided by operations         36,995       62,700        28,250
                                      ---------    ---------     ---------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING:

 Proceeds from sale (purchase) of
  marketable securities - net            (3,520)      (5,994)        3,571
 Capital expenditures                    (5,342)     (10,298)       (5,138)
 Business acquisitions -
  net of cash acquired                  (10,685)          --        (2,593)
 Acquisition of other assets                 --           --        (2,270)
                                      ---------    ---------     ---------
 Net cash used for investing            (19,547)     (16,292)       (6,430)
                                      ---------    ---------     ---------

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING:

Dividends paid                           (8,688)      (9,762)      (10,321)
Treasury stock purchases                (31,091)     (30,518)           --
                                      ---------    ---------     ---------
Net cash used for financing             (39,779)     (40,280)      (10,321)
                                      ---------    ---------     ---------
Effect of exchange rate changes 
  on cash                                    77         (686)          262
                                      ---------    ---------     ---------
Net change in cash and cash 
  equivalents                           (22,254)       5,442        11,761
Balance at beginning of year             37,348       31,906        20,145
                                      ---------    ---------     ---------
Balance at end of year                $  15,094    $  37,348     $  31,906
                                      ---------    ---------     ---------

SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION:

Interest paid                        $      192    $      45     $      85
                                     ----------    ---------     ---------
Income taxes paid                    $    6,895    $   8,076     $   4,174 
                                     ----------    ---------     ---------
<FN>
The accompanying summary of significant accounting policies and notes
to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
statements.
</TABLE>

[GRAPH NO. 7 AND 8  --  Although net earnings have varied considerably
during the past five years, Manitowoc has generated substantial cash
flow to fund its business, make acquisitions, pay dividends, and
initiate a stock repurchase program.   See Appendix A]


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                 (In thousands, except shares and per share data)
         For the years ended July 2, 1994, July 3, 1993 and June 27, 1992


                                       1994           1993          1992
                                       ----           ----          ----
<S>                              <C>           <C>            <C>
COMMON STOCK - SHARES OUTSTANDING

 Balance at beginning of year       9,146,501     10,320,847     10,320,847
 Treasury stock purchases          (1,063,654)    (1,174,346)            --
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
 Balance at end of year             8,082,847      9,146,501     10,320,847
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------

COMMON STOCK - PAR VALUE:

 Balance at beginning of year    $        109   $        109   $        109
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
 Balance at end of year          $        109   $        109   $        109
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------

ADDITIONAL PAID-IN CAPITAL:

 Balance at beginning of year    $     31,115   $     31,115   $     31,116
 Shares forfeited
  under stock plan - net                   --             --             (1)
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
 Balance at end of year          $     31,115   $     31,115   $     31,115
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------

CUMULATIVE FOREIGN CURRENCY
TRANSLATION ADJUSTMENTS:

 Balance at beginning of year    $       (569)  $      1,399   $        855
 Foreign currency translation 
   adjustment                             159         (1,968)           544
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
 Balance at end of year          $       (410)  $       (569)  $      1,399   
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
RETAINED EARNINGS:

 Balance at beginning of year     $   129,078   $    142,737   $    144,811
 Net earnings (loss)                   14,043         (3,897)         8,257
 Cash dividends, $1.00 per share       (8,688)        (9,762)       (10,331)
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
 Balance at end of year           $   134,433   $    129,078   $    142,737
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------

TREASURY STOCK:

 Balance at beginning of year     $   (40,297)  $     (9,779)  $     (9,779)
 Treasury stock purchases             (31,091)       (30,518)            --
                                 ------------   ------------   ------------
 Balance at end of year           $   (71,388)  $    (40,297)  $     (9,779)

<FN>
The accompanying summary of significant accounting policies and notes
to the consolidated financial statements are an integral part of these
statements.
</TABLE>

[GRAPH NO. 9  --  Since beginning a stock buy-back program in
September, 1992, Manitowoc has repurchased 2.2 million shares, thereby
increasing the equity of our remaining shareholders. See Appendix A]   




SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(in thousands)


PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION

     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
     company and its wholly owned domestic and non-U.S. subsidiaries.
     Significant intercompany balances and transactions have been
     eliminated.

FISCAL YEAR

     The company's fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest June 30.
     In August, 1994, the Board of Directors approved a change in its
     fiscal year end to December 31.

INVENTORIES

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market as
     described in Note 4.  Advance payments from customers are netted
     against inventories to the extent of related accumulated costs.
     Advance payments at July 2, 1994 and July 3, 1993 were $2,063 and
     $3,846, respectively.  Advance payments received in excess of
     related costs on uncompleted contracts are classified as accrued
     expenses.

REVENUE RECOGNITION

     Revenues and expenses in all three segments are generally
     recognized upon shipment.  Revenues and costs on contracts for
     long-term projects are recognized on the percentage-of-completion
     method, commencing when work has progressed to a state where
     estimates are reasonably accurate.  These estimates are reviewed
     and revised periodically throughout the lives of the contracts,
     and adjustments to income resulting from such revisions are
     recorded in the accounting period in which the revisions are
     made.  Estimated losses on such contracts are recognized in full
     when they are identified.  During fiscal 1994 and 1993, there
     were no such long-term projects.

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

     The financial statements of the company's non-U.S. subsidiaries
     are translated in accordance with Statement of Financial
     Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 52.  Under SFAS No. 52, asset and
     liability accounts are translated at the current exchange rate
     and income statement items are translated at the weighted average
     exchange rate for the year.  Resulting translation adjustments     
     are recorded directly to a separate component of stockholders'
     equity.

PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

     Property, plant and equipment is depreciated over the estimated
     useful lives of the assets.  The company adopted the straight-
     line depreciation method for financial statement purposes for all
     property acquired after June 29, 1991.  Property acquired prior
     to June 30, 1991, is depreciated using the sum-of-the-years-
     digits method.

INTANGIBLE ASSETS

     Costs in excess of net assets of businesses acquired are
     amortized on the straight-line basis over their estimated
     beneficial lives, not to exceed 40 years.  Subsequent to an
     acquisition, the company continually evaluates whether later
     events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the
     remaining estimated useful life of goodwill may warrant revision
     or that the remaining balance of goodwill may not be recoverable.
     When factors indicate that goodwill should be evaluated for
     possible impairment, the company uses an estimate of the related
     business's discounted net cash flows over the remaining life of
     the goodwill in measuring whether the goodwill is recoverable.
     Intangible assets at July 2, 1994 and July 3, 1993 were $4,208
     and $2,550, respectively, net of accumulated amortization of
     $1,314 and $1,186, respectively.




RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

     Research and development costs are charged to expense as incurred
     and amount to $2,439, $2,209, and $3,582 in 1994, 1993, and 1992,
     respectively.

NET EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE

     Net earnings per common share is based on weighted average shares
     outstanding during each year.

STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

     All short-term investments purchased with an original maturity of
     three months or less are considered cash equivalents.

RECLASSIFICATIONS     
     Certain reclassifications have been made to the financial
     statements of prior years to conform to the presentation for
     1994.






NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(In thousands, except shares and per share data)


1
______________________________________________________________________
ACCOUNTING CHANGES

a.Postretirement Benefits  -  During the third quarter of fiscal
  1993, the company adopted Statement of Financial Accounting
  Standards (SFAS) No. 106 "Employers' Accounting for Postretirement
  Benefits Other Than Pensions", effective June 28, 1992.  The
  standard requires that the expected cost of postretirement health
  care benefits be charged to expense during the years that employees
  render service.  In applying the pronouncement, the company
  recorded a one-time, non-cash, pre-tax charge against earnings as
  of the beginning of fiscal year 1993 of $13,073 as a change in
  accounting principle.  On an after-tax basis, this charge was
  $7,974 or $.82 per share.

b.Income Taxes  -  In the third quarter of 1993, the company adopted
  SFAS No. 109 "Accounting for Income Taxes", effective June 28,
  1992.  Under the liability method prescribed by SFAS 109, deferred
  taxes are provided, based upon enacted tax laws and rates
  applicable to the periods in which the taxes become payable.  The
  cumulative effect of adopting the standard was recorded as a change
  in accounting principle at the beginning of fiscal 1993, with a
  charge to earnings of $2,240 or $.23 per share.



2
____________________________________________________________________
PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Property, plant and equipment is summarized as follows:


                                            1994       1993
                                            ----       ----
<S>                                       <C>       <C>
Land                                      $  3,812  $  3,424
Buildings                                   62,797    64,109
Drydocks and dock fronts                    22,040    22,040
Machinery, equipment and tooling            86,816    74,974
Construction in progress                     3,546     3,548
                                          --------  --------
  Total cost                               179,011   168,095
Less accumulated depreciation             (115,679) (111,115)
                                          --------  --------
Property, plant and equipment - net       $ 63,332  $ 56,980
                                          --------  --------
</TABLE>

3
______________________________________________________________________
MARKETABLE SECURITIES AND LINES OF CREDIT

Marketable securities are stated at cost, which approximates market
value.  At July 2, 1994, bank lines of credit aggregating $14,000 were
available to the company.  The company has agreed to maintain average
unrestricted compensating balances ranging from 4.5% to 5.0% for each
line.  There were no outstanding borrowings against these lines at the
end of any of the years presented.

In May 1993, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued SFAS No.
115, "Accounting for  Certain Investments in Debt and Equity
Securities."  SFAS No. 115 sets forth the accounting and reporting for
investments in equity securities that have readily determinable fair
values and for all investments in debt securities.

The company is required to adopt the new accounting and disclosure
rules contained in SFAS No. 115 effective July 3, 1994, as a change in
accounting principle.  Based on a preliminary review, the company
expects the adoption of the new standard will not have a material
effect on the company's consolidated results of operations.



4
______________________________________________________________________
INVENTORIES

The components of inventory and their valuation methods are summarized
as follows:
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                             1994      1993
                                             ----      ----
<S>                                     <C>        <C>
  Components:
     Raw materials                       $  11,275 $  12,512     
     Work-in-process                        19,463    19,262
     Finished goods                         20,787    24,887
                                         --------- ---------
       Total inventories at FIFO costs      51,525    56,661
  Excess of FIFO costs over LIFO value     (20,285)  (22,461)
                                         --------- ---------
       Total inventories                 $  31,240 $  34,200
                                         --------- ---------
</TABLE>

Inventory is carried at lower of cost or market using the first-in,
first-out (FIFO) method for 61% and 47% of total inventory for 1994
and 1993, respectively.  The remainder of the inventory is costed
using the last-in, first-out (LIFO) method.

A portion of the inventory represents inventory held for sale or
lease; $249 in 1994 and $937 in 1993.  The cost of this inventory is
amortized to cost of sales as a percentage of lease revenue.
Accumulated amortization on such inventory at July 2, 1994, and July
3, 1993, was $18 and $101, respectively.

Inventory quantity reductions during 1994 and 1993 resulted in lower
cost of goods sold computed under the LIFO method due to lower costs
prevailing in prior periods.  The increase in net earnings for 1994
and 1993 was $ 1,726 and $1,897, respectively.







5
______________________________________________________________________
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE AND ACCRUED EXPENSES

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

Accounts payable and accrued expenses are summarized as follows:

                                            1994       1993
                                            ----       ----
<S>                                      <C>        <C>
Trade accounts payable                    $ 17,305  $ 22,890
Customer progress payments                   4,146     5,666
Vacation accrual                             3,137     3,014
Profit sharing                               6,576     5,225
Product liability                            7,175     4,655
Miscellaneous accrued expenses              15,445    11,434
                                          --------  --------
  Total                                   $ 53,784  $ 52,884
                                          --------  --------

</TABLE>




6
______________________________________________________________________

INCOME TAXES

The company changed its method of accounting for income taxes from the
deferred method to the liability method required by SFAS No. 109.
This new standard requires that a deferred tax be recorded to reflect
the tax expense (benefit) resulting from the recognition of temporary
differences.  Temporary differences are differences between the tax
basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the
financial statements.  This standard was adopted effective June 28,
1992, using the cumulative catch-up method.  At July 2, 1994,
unamortized deferred investment tax credits were $ 699.  In addition,
United States income taxes have not been provided on undistributed
earnings of foreign subsidiaries which are considerd to be permanently
invested.  At July 2, 1994, the amount of unremitted earnings of the
foreign subsidiaries totaled $11,764.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Components of earnings before income taxes and the cumulative effect
of accounting changes are as follows:

                                            1994       1993      1992
                                            ----       ----      ----
<S>                                     <C>         <C>       <C>
Earnings before income taxes:
  Domestic                               $  22,089  $  8,348  $ 10,027
  Foreign                                      490       581     1,545
                                          --------  --------  --------
     Total                               $  22,579  $  8,929  $ 11,572
                                          --------  --------  --------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Provision (benefit) for taxes on income before the cumulative effect
of accounting changes are as follows:

                                            1994       1993      1992
                                            ----       ----      ----
<S>                                      <C>        <C>       <C>
  Current:
     Federal                              $  9,138  $  2,812  $  2,091
     State                                   2,358       821       220
     Foreign                                    16       428       332
                                          --------  --------  --------
       Total current                        11,512     4,061     2,643
                                          --------  --------  --------
  Deferred:
     Federal and state                      (3,120)   (1,138)      484
     Foreign                                   144      (311)      188
                                          --------  --------  --------
       Total deferred                       (2,976)   (1,449)      672
                                          --------  --------  --------
Provision for taxes on income             $  8,536  $  2,612  $  3,315
                                          --------  --------  --------
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
Federal income tax at statutory rates and the provision for income
taxes as reported are reconciled as follows:


                                             1994      1993       1992
                                             ----      ----       ----
<S>                                      <C>        <C>       <C>
Federal income tax at statutory rate      $  7,903  $  3,036  $  3,935
State income taxes, net of federal
  income tax benefit                         1,140       656       395
Tax-exempt investment income                    --       (37)     (328)
Investment tax credit                          (96)     (144)     (189)
Tax-exempt FSC income                         (515)     (355)     (230)
Adjustments to prior years' 
  income tax accruals                           --        --      (100)
Realization of state net operating and
  general business credit carryforwards         --      (477)     (242)
Other items                                    104       (67)       74
                                          --------  --------  --------
Provision for taxes on income             $  8,536  $  2,612  $  3,315
                                          --------  --------  --------
</TABLE>

The deferred income tax accounts for 1994 and 1993 reflect the impact
of temporary differences between the value of assets and liabilities
for financial reporting purposes and their related value as measured
by the tax laws.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

A summary of the deferred tax accounts at July 2, 1994, and July 3,
1993, is as follows:


                                                                          1994                1993
                                                                          ----                ----
<S>                                                                  <C>                  <C>
Current deferred assets:
  Differences between book and tax bases of inventories               $   2,068           $  1,581
  Differences between book and tax bases of receivables                     291                336
  Product warranty reserves                                               2,183              1,932
  Product liability reserves                                              2,818              1,798
  Other employee related benefits and allowances                          1,561              1,414
  Other reserves and allowances                                           1,849              1,780
                                                                      ---------           --------
  Total current deferred assets                                       $  10,770           $  8,841
                                                                      ---------           --------
Non-current deferred assets and (liabilities):
  Differences between book and tax bases of fixed assets              $  (8,815)          $ (8,928)
  Postretirement benefits other than pensions in
     excess of tax deductions                                             7,094              6,343  
  Severance benefits in excess of tax deductions                            533                518
  Provisions for long-term product warranty reserves                      1,225              1,063
  Deferred investment tax credit                                           (699)              (795)
  Other reserves in excess of tax expense                                  (648)              (558)
                                                                      ---------           --------
  Total non-current deferred assets and (liabilities)                    (1,310)            (2,357)
                                                                      ---------           --------

</TABLE>

The information presented above is in accordance with SFAS No. 109 for
the years ended July 2, 1994 and July 3, 1993.  The following table
identifies the deferred tax items which were part of the company's tax
provision for the year ended June 27, 1992:

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   1992
                                                   ----
<S>                                             <C>
  Deferred DISC income                            $ (17)
  Product warranties                                (35)
  Product liability                                  97
  Depreciation                                    1,143
  Severance costs                                  (331)
  Other items                                      (185)
                                                  -----
  Provision for deferred income taxes             $ 672
                                                  -----
</TABLE>



7
______________________________________________________________________
ACQUISITIONS

During the third quarter of fiscal 1994, the company acquired the
assets of Femco Machine Co. for $ 10,685 in cash.  Femco Machine Co.
is a manufacturer of parts for cranes, draglines, and other heavy
equipment.  The acquisition was accounted for under the purchase
method of accounting.  The preliminary estimate of the excess of the
cost over the fair value of net assets acquired is $1,659, and is
being amortized over 25 years.

During the third quarter of fiscal 1992, the company acquired the
assets of Merce Industries, Inc. for $2,593 in cash. Merce Industries,
Inc. operates the ship repair facility owned by the Port Authority of
Toledo, Ohio, and had similar operations in Cleveland.  The
acquisition has been accounted for as a purchase and, accordingly, the
acquired assets and liabilities have been recorded at their estimated
fair market values as of the date of acquisition.  The $1,310 excess
of the purchase price over the valuation of the net assets acquired is
being amortized on a straight-line basis over 40 years.

Femco's and Merce's results of operations subsequent to the date of
acquisition are included in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings.
Pro forma results of operations are not presented as the amounts do
not significantly differ from historical company results.



8
______________________________________________________________________
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

Authorized capitalization consists of 35,000,000 shares of $.01 par
value common stock and 3,500,000 shares of $.01 par value preferred
stock.  None of the preferred shares have been issued.  Pursuant to a
Rights Agreement dated September 5, 1986, each common share carries
with it a Right to purchase additional stock.  The Rights are not
currently exercisable and cannot be separated from the shares unless
certain specified events occur, including the acquisition of 20% or
more of the common stock by a person or group, or the commencement of
a tender offer for 30% or more of the common stock.  In the event a
person or group actually acquires 30% or more of the common stock, or
if the company is merged with an acquiring person, each Right permits
the holder to purchase for $45 common stock having a market value of
$90.  The Rights expire on September 19, 1996, and may be redeemed by
the company for $.05 per Right (in cash or stock) under certain
circumstances.

On September 8, 1992, the Board of Directors authorized the company to
repurchase up to 1.5 million shares of its common stock.  In addition,
on January 11, 1994 and February 1, 1994, the Board of Directors
authorized the repurchase of an additional 500,000 and 1,000,000
shares, respectively.  Such repurchases will be in open market or
privately negotiated purchases, as the company may determine from time
to time.  As of July 2, 1994, a total of 2,238,000 shares were
purchased pursuant to these authorizations.




9
______________________________________________________________________
RETIREMENT AND HEALTH CARE PLANS

The company provides retirement benefits through noncontributory
deferred profit sharing plans covering substantially all employees.
Company contributions to the plans are based upon formulas contained
in such plans.  The company also established, in 1989, a defined
contribution plan in which the company matches 25% of participant
contributions up to a maximum of 5% of a participant's compensation.
Total costs incurred in 1994, 1993, and 1992, were $4,981, $4,896, and
$2,385, respectively.

The company maintains an employee benefit trust through which group
health benefits are funded.  Company contributions to the trust were
$4,790 in 1994, $4,450 in 1993, and $5,167 in 1992.

The company also provides certain health care benefits for eligible
retired employees.  Substantially all of the company's domestic
employees hired before January 1, 1990, may become eligible for these
benefits if they reach a normal retirement age while working for the
company and satisfy certain years of service requirements.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
The components of the 1994 and 1993 periodic postretirement benefit
cost are as follows:


                                                       1994         1993
                                                       ----         ----
<S>                                               <C>          <C>
  Service cost - benefits earned during the year    $   230      $   237
  Interest cost on accumulated postretirement
     benefit obligation                               1,279        1,282
                                                    -------      -------
  Net periodic postretirement benefit cost          $ 1,509      $ 1,519
                                                    -------      -------
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
The components of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation at
July 2, 1994, and July 3, 1993, are as follows:

                                                      1994         1993
                                                      ----         ----
<S>                                              <C>          <C>
  Retirees                                        $ 10,778     $ 11,314
  Active participants                                6,228        5,863
  Unrecognized gain                                    682           --
                                                  --------     --------
  Accumulated postretirement
     benefit obligation                           $ 17,688     $ 17,177
                                                  --------     --------
</TABLE>

The health care cost trend rate assumed in the determination of the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation begins at 11% in 1993,
decreases 1% per year to 6% for 1998, and remains at that level
thereafter.  Increasing the assumed medical trend rates by one
percentage point in each year would increase the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation by $2,213 and the aggregate of the
service and interest cost components of net periodic postretirement
benefit cost by $239.

The discount rate used in determining the accumulated postretirement
benefit obligation is 8% compounded annually.  The plan is unfunded.

Retiree health care expense under the cash basis was not material in
1992.




10
______________________________________________________________________
LEASES

In February 1992, the company entered into a sale/leaseback
arrangement covering substantially all of its crawler crane and boom
truck crane rental fleets.  The initial sale totaled $25,641.
Subsequently, terminations of $10,524, $6,717, and $ 1,774, and sales
of $6,286, $17,940, and $6,254 for 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively,
were made under this arrangement.  The leaseback agreements for the
fleet cover terms of 5 and 7 years and are being accounted for as
operating leases.  The gains on the sales of the fleet inventory were
deferred and are being recognized over the term of the leases or at
the time the inventory is otherwise sold to third parties.

The company leases various other property, plant and equipment.  Terms
of the leases vary, but generally require the company to pay property
taxes, insurance premiums, and maintenance costs associated with the
leased property.

Rental expense attributable to operating leases, including the
sale/leaseback arrangements, was $7,816 in 1994, $7,480 in 1993, and
$2,635 in 1992.  Total minimum rental obligations under noncancellable
operating leases, as of July 2, 1994, aggregated $39,067 and were
payable as follows:


     1995.......$ 7,168            1998............$ 4,903
     1996.......$ 6,931            1999............$ 3,558
     1997.......$ 6,127            Thereafter......$10,380


11
______________________________________________________________________
BUSINESS SEGMENT INFORMATION

The company's business segments operate in both domestic and
international markets.  The cranes and related products segment is
tied most closely to energy and infrastructure projects throughout the
world.  Foodservice products serve the lodging, restaurant,
healthcare, and convenience store markets, which are impacted by
demographic changes and business cycles.  The marine segment provides
repair services to foreign and domestic vessels operating on the Great
Lakes.

Information concerning the company's operations in various businesses
for the three years ended July 2, 1994, is presented on page 12.
Export shipments were approximately $57 million in 1994, $65 million
in 1993, and $40 million in 1992.  Foreign sales, operating earnings,
and identifiable assets for 1994 are $14.1 million, $0.2 million, and
$11.8 million, respectively.


12
______________________________________________________________________
CONTINGENCIES

The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) has identified
the company as a potentially responsible party (PRP) under the
Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act
(CERCLA), liable for the costs associated with investigating and
cleaning up contamination at the Lemberger Landfill Superfund Site
(the Site) near Manitowoc, Wisconsin.

Eleven of the potentially responsible parties have formed a group (the
Lemberger Site Remediation Group, or LSRG) and have successfully
negotiated with EPA and Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources to
settle the potential liability at the Site and fund the cleanup.
Approximately 150 PRP's have been identified as having shipped
substances to the Site.

Recent estimates indicate that the total cost to clean up the Site
could be as high as $25 million, however, the ultimate remediation
methods and appropriate allocation of costs for the Site are not yet
final.

Although liability is joint and several, the company's percentage
share of liability is estimated to be 5% of the total cleanup costs,
but could increase to 15% if no participation agreements are made
between the LSRG and any other PRP's.

In connection with this matter, the company expensed $1.6 million,
$0.5 million, and $0.9 million in 1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively,
for its estimated portion of the cleanup costs.  In addition, the
company has notified its insurance carrier requesting reimbursement of
incurred and future costs at the Site.  Settlement of this claim is
uncertain; a recent Wisconsin Supreme Court decision did not require
an insurer to pay similar costs.  Any recoveries from the insurance
carrier will be recognized when received.

The company is involved in various other legal actions arising in the
normal course of business.  After taking into consideration legal
counsel's evaluation of such actions, in the opinion of management,
ultimate resolution is not expected to have a material adverse effect
on the consolidated financial statements.

As of July 2, 1994, 35 product related lawsuits were pending.  Of
these, 13 occurred between 1985 and 1990 when the company was
completely self-insured.  The remaining lawsuits occurred subsequent
to June 1, 1990, at which time the Company has insurance coverages
ranging from a $5.5 million self-insured retention with a $10.0
million limit on the insurer's contribution in 1990, to the current
$1.0 million self-insured retention and $16.0 million limit.

Product liability reserves at July 2, 1994 are $7.2 million; $3.9
million reserved specifically for the 35 cases referenced above, and
$3.3 million for incurred but not reported claims.  These reserves
were estimated using actuarial methods.  The highest current reserve
for a non-insured claim is $.4  million, and $.9 million for an
insured claim.  Based on the company's experience in defending itself
against product liability claims, management believes the current
reserves are adequate for estimated settlements on aggregate self-
insured claims.



MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Company management is responsible for the integrity of this annual
report's financial statements.  Those statements were prepared in
accordance with general accepted accounting principles.  Where
necessary, amounts are based on judgments and estimates by management.
All financial information in this report matches the financial
statements.

The company maintains an internal accounting system designed to
provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and that
books and records reflect only authorized transactions.

To further safeguard assets, the company has established an Audit
Committee composed of directors who are neither officers nor employees
of the company.  The Audit Committee is responsible for reviewing the
company's financial reports and accounting practices.  The Audit
Committee meets periodically with the company's independent
accountants.

The company's independent accountants provide an objective examination
of the company's financial statements.  They evaluate the company's
system of internal controls and perform tests and other procedures
necessary to express an opinion on the fairness of the presentation of
the consolidated financial statements.


     /s/  Fred M. Butler                            /s/  Robert R. Friedl
     -----------------------------------        --------------------------
     President & Chief Executive Officer           Chief Financial Officer








REPORT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS
- - ----------------------------------------

To The Manitowoc Company, Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The
Manitowoc Company, Inc. (a Wisconsin corporation) as of July 2, 1994
and July 3, 1993, and the related consolidated statements of earnings,
stockholders' equity, and cash flows for each of the three fiscal
years in the period ended July 2, 1994.  These financial statements
are the responsibility of the company's management.  Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements
based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with generally accepted auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements.  An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.  We
believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present
fairly in all material respects, the financial position of The
Manitowoc Company, Inc. as of July 2, 1994 and July 3, 1993, and the
results of operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal
years in the period ended July 2, 1994, in conformity with generally
accepted accounting principles.

As explained in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements,
effective June 28, 1992, the company changed its method of accounting
for retiree health care benefits and income taxes.


/s/   Arthur Andersen LLP
- - ---------------------------------
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
July 28, 1994





OTHER SHAREHOLDER INFORMATION

Independent Public Accountants
- - ------------------------------
Arthur Andersen LLP
777 East Wisconsin Avenue
Milwaukee, Wisconsin  53202


Stock Transfer Agent & Registrar
- - --------------------------------
First Chicago Trust Company of New York
P. O. Box 2500
Jersey City, New Jersey  07303-2500


Annual Meeting
- - --------------
The annual meeting of Manitowoc shareholders will be held at 9:00 a.m.
CST, Tuesday, November 1, 1994, in the office area at the company's
South Works facility, 2401 South 30th Street, Manitowoc, Wisconsin.
We encourage shareholders to participate in this meeting in person or
by proxy.


Stock Listing
- - -------------
Manitowoc's common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange and
is identified by the ticker symbol MTW.  Current trading volume, share
price, dividends, and related information can be found in the
financial section of most daily newspapers.

Quarterly common stock price information for our three most recent
fiscal years can be found on page 1 of this annual report.


Manitowoc Shareholders
- - ----------------------
At the end of fiscal 1994, 8,082,847 shares of Manitowoc common stock
were outstanding.  At such date, there were approximately 2,400
shareholders of record.

Although the majority of Manitowoc shareholders reside in Wisconsin,
other shareholders reside throughout the United States, Canada,
Mexico, and several overseas locations.


Form 10-K Report
- - ----------------
Each year, Manitowoc files its Annual Report on Form 10-K with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.  Most of the financial information
contained in that report is included in this annual Report to
Shareholders.

A copy of Form 10-K, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission for fiscal 1994, may be obtained by any shareholder,
without charge, upon written request to:

     E. Dean Flynn
     Secretary
     The Manitowoc Company, Inc.
     700 East Magnolia Avenue, Suite B
     P. O. Box 66
     Manitowoc, Wisconsin  54221-0066


Dividends
- - ---------
Common stock dividends are usually considered in conjunction with
quarterly meetings of Manitowoc's board of directors.


Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan
- - ---------------------------------------------
The Dividend Reinvestment and Stock Purchase Plan provides a
convenient method to acquire additional shares of Manitowoc stock
through the investment of quarterly dividends.  Shareholders may also
purchase shares by investing cash as often as once a month in varying
amounts from $10 up to a maximum of $60,000 each calendar year.

Participation is voluntary, and all fees associated with stock
purchases under these plans are paid for by Manitowoc.

To receive an information booklet and enrollment form, please contact
First Chicago Trust Company of New York at the address listed at far
left.


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>


                 SUPPLEMENTAL QUARTERLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Unaudited)
          The table below presents quarterly data for fiscal years 1994 and 1993
                          (In thousands, except per share data)

 

                                           1994                                     1993
                     -----------------------------------------    ---------------------------------------
                        First      Second    Third     Fourth        First    Second     Third    Fourth
                       ------      ------    ------    ------       ------    ------    ------    ------

<S>                     <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>          <C>       <C>       <C>       <C>
Net sales              $ 61,056  $ 67,772  $ 60,606  $ 85,946      $ 61,825  $ 53,292  $ 62,868  $100,573
Gross margin             16,776    15,681    14,405    21,062        16,310     9,009     5,243    25,223
Earnings (loss) before 
 cumulative effect of
  accounting changes      4,088     3,088     1,600     5,267         3,851      (924)   (4,772)    8,162
  
Net earnings (loss)       4,088     3,088     1,600     5,267        (6,363)     (924)   (4,772)    8,162

Per common share: 
 Earnings (loss) before
  cumulative effect of
   accounting changes       .45       .35       .19       .64           .37     (.07)     (.49)       .84

 Net earnings (loss)        .45       .35       .19       .64          (.62)    (.11)     (.49)       .84
 
 Dividends                  .25       .25       .25       .25           .25      .25       .25        .25
 

</TABLE>

 
                                                           EXHIBIT 13
                                                           1994 10-K


                      EXHIBIT 13  -  APPENDIX A

                                                    Cross Reference or
Graph No.    Description of Graph                  Narrative Discussion
- - ---------    --------------------                  ---------------------

   1         Bar Graph of Consolidated
             Operating Earnings for 1990-1994     See "Eleven-Year Record"

   2         Bar Graph of Consolidated
             Gross Margins for 1990-1994          See  "Eleven-Year Record"

   3         Bar Graph of Consolidated            Graph shows export shipments
             Export Shipments for 1990-1994       of $28 million, $42 million,
                                                  $40 million, $65 million,
                                                  and $57 million for 1990,
                                                  1991, 1992, 1993, and 1994,
                                                  respectively.

   4         Bar Graph of Total Identifiable
             Assets for 1990-1994                 See "Eleven-Year Record"

   5         Bar Graph of Consolidated Net
             Sales for 1990-1994                  See  "Eleven-Year Record"

   6         Bar Graph of Consolidated            Graph shows that inventories
             Inventories for 1990-1994            rose from $76.3 million in
                                                  1990, to a high of $84.3
                                                  million in 1991 and have
                                                  steadily declined (1992 -
                                                  $64.5 million, 1993 -
                                                  $34.2 million) to the
                                                  current level of $31.2 million
                                                  in 1994.

   7         Bar Graph of Consolidated Net
             Earnings for 1990-1994               See  "Eleven-Year Record"

   8         Bar Graph of Net Cash Provided       See  "Consolidated Statements
             for 1990-1994                        of Cash Flows" for fiscal
                                                  years 1992-1994.  The net cash
                                                  provided by operations for
                                                  fiscal years 1990 and 1991 is
                                                  $14.2 million and $6.5
                                                  million, respectively.

   9         Bar Graph of Share of Common         See  "Consolidated Statements
             Stock Outstanding for 1990-1994      of Stockholders' Equity" for
                                                  fiscal years 1992-1994.  The
                                                  shares of Common Stock
                                                  outstanding is $10.3 million
                                                  for fiscal years 1990 and  
                                                  1991.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>

                                               EXHIBIT 21
                                               1994 10-K




                         LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES


                                                 JURISDICTION
      SUBSIDIARY                               OF INCORPORATION
    --------------                            ------------------


Manitex, Inc.                                        Texas
Manitowoc International Sales Corp.                  Barbados
Manitowoc Nevada, Inc.                               Nevada
Manitowoc Re-Manufacturing, Inc.                     Wisconsin
Manitowoc Europe B.V.                                The Netherlands
Manitowoc A.G.                                       Switzerland
Manitowoc Europe Limited                             England
Manitowoc-Forsythe Corp.                             New York
Manitowoc Western Company, Inc.                      Wisconsin
North Central Crane & Excavator Sales Corp.          Nevada

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>

                                             EXHIBIT 23
                                             1994 10-K





              CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS



As independent public accountants, we hereby consent to the
incorporation of our reports included (or incorporated by reference)
in this Form 10-K, into the Company's previously filed Registration
Statements on Form S-8 (File Nos. 33-65316 and 33-48665).


                                   ARTHUR ANDERSEN LLP


Milwaukee, Wisconsin
September 26, 1994.

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>7
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<LEGEND>
The schedule contains summary financial information extracted from the
Manitowoc Company, Inc.'s consolidated financial statements at or for the
year ended July 2, 1994 and is qualified in its entirety by reference to
such financial statements.
</LEGEND>
<MULTIPLIER> 1000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          JUL-02-1994
<PERIOD-END>                               JUL-02-1994
<CASH>                                           15094
<SECURITIES>                                     15008
<RECEIVABLES>                                    43366
<ALLOWANCES>                                       777
<INVENTORY>                                      31240
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                117657
<PP&E>                                          179011
<DEPRECIATION>                                  115679
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                  185848
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                            63610
<BONDS>                                              0
<COMMON>                                           109
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<OTHER-SE>                                       93750
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                    185848
<SALES>                                         275380
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                275380
<CGS>                                           207456
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                   254295
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                   203
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                   0
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                  22579
<INCOME-TAX>                                      8536
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                              14043
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                     14043
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     1.61
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     1.61
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
