-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 N9o/GskZ+CqIuJo9bMrpNwzFLxnuTvcsYdB1kAZoelVlEwO9l5ynm1pvNvNz67yJ
 YHKgk2rRR5HPYrKXcvnYkw==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000950005-94-000045.txt : 19940926
<IMS-HEADER>0000950005-94-000045.hdr.sgml : 19940926
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950005-94-000045
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940630
FILED AS OF DATE:		19940922
SROS:			NONE

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHIPS & TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000767965
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	3674
		IRS NUMBER:				770047943
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-15012
		FILM NUMBER:		94550028

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2950 ZANKER RD
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4084340600X2134

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2950 ZANKER ROAD
		CITY:			SAN JOSE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95134
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<DESCRIPTION>FORM 10-K
<TEXT>


                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

                             WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

                                   FORM 10-K

(MARK ONE)

|X|      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (D) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (FEE REQUIRED)
         FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED JUNE 30, 1994
|_|      TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES
         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (NO FEE
         REQUIRED)

         FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ____ TO _____

                         COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 0-15012

                          CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
             (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

         DELAWARE                                            77-0047943
(State or other jurisdiction of                             (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization)                             Identification No.)

  2950 ZANKER ROAD, SAN JOSE CALIFORNIA                                95134
 (Address of principal executive offices)                            (Zip Code)

       Registrant's telephone number, including area code (408) 434-0600

        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(B) of the Act: NONE

          Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(G) of the Act:

                          COMMON STOCK, $.01 PAR VALUE
                          COMMON STOCK PURCHASE RIGHTS

                                (Title of class)

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(D) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.

                                    YES X        NO

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent Filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. (X)

The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
registrant was approximately $67,550,240 as of August 15, 1994.

On August  15,  1994 there were  16,887,560  shares of Common  Stock of the
Company outstanding.

The Index to Exhibits is listed on pages 33 and 34 of this Annual Report on Form
10-K.

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
     (1) Proxy Statement for  Registrant's  Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be
held on November 10, 1994, (the "Proxy Statement")


<PAGE>





                                     PART I

ITEM 1.  BUSINESS

GENERAL

Chips & Technologies, Inc., (the "Company" or "CHIPS") was incorporated as a
California corporation in December 1984. The Company was subsequently
reincorporated as a Delaware corporation in August 1986. The Company's initial
public offering occurred in October 1986. The Company develops and markets very
large scale integrated ("VLSI") circuits for the personal computing industry.
The Company's products incorporate features and technology that allow its
customers to rapidly design and introduce computing systems with compelling
combinations of performance and functionality.

The Company's strategy is directed towards timely delivery of cost effective
products for the market leaders in the personal computing industry. Throughout
fiscal 1994, the Company targeted its efforts at the market leaders in the PC
industry. These efforts have resulted in adoption of the Company's products by
customers such as IBM, Apple Computer, Hewlett-Packard and NEC Technologies,
among others.

The Company focuses its development efforts on the media and core logic portions
of the marketplace. The Company's media products provide video functions that
support major industry display standards such as VGA & SVGA and address both
portable and desktop computing applications. Portable applications generally
consist of notebook and sub-notebook computers. Desktop applications are
characterized by the traditional CRT video display. The Company's core logic
products provide the circuitry that implements the digital pathways of a
personal computer and support industry standard bus and processor architectures
such as ISA, VL and the X86 series of microprocessors. As part of its core logic
portfolio, the Company also provides complementary devices that implement
standard communications protocols through serial and parallel ports to allow the
interface to the PC of peripheral devices such as disk drives, printers and
modems.

During fiscal year 1994, the Company implemented the restructuring programs for
which charges were taken in the fourth quarter fiscal 1993. The implementation
of the restructuring plans resulted in the discontinuation and sale of 1) the
Company's interest in the Russian joint venture operating its system business,
2) its networking business and 3) its future development of stand-alone
multimedia technologies. As a result of the restructuring programs, the Company
reduced headcount and expenses and consolidated its buildings at its corporate
headquarters.

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

The personal computing industry has rapidly expanded as system manufacturers
have continued to provide increasing performance and functionality at lower
prices. CHIPS was a pioneer in the development of the personal computing
industry, providing many of the technical innovations that allowed the market
for IBM-compatible architecture computers to prosper.

CHIPS was an early supplier of VLSI solutions, now called "chipsets", that
allowed a variety of manufacturers to rapidly introduce cost effective personal
computers compatible with the then emerging IBM AT industry standard
architecture. This event simplified the design of the PC and allowed
manufacturers to bring products to market without investing large amounts of
internal resources in the development of significant portions of the PC
electronics.

Many changes have occurred in the industry since its genesis in the 1980's. The
majority of PC manufacturers now use independent suppliers to provide core logic
and video VLSI solutions. Widespread adoption of this business model has created
a large market opportunity that has attracted numerous competitors. The Company
faces strong competitive forces in all its product areas and believes its future
success will be based upon the following factors: delivery of products with

<PAGE>

compelling performance and functionality, rapid development and timely
introduction of new products, maintenance of customer relationships with market
leading PC manufacturers, obtaining sources of supply at competitive costs and
access to advanced semiconductor process technologies. Due to the difficulty and
uncertainty of attaining these objectives, no assurances can be made that the
Company will be successful in its endeavors in any of these areas.

PRODUCT LINES

MEDIA PRODUCTS

The Company supplies VLSI circuit products that provide video display
capabilities for CRT and flat panel displays. The Company's video display
controllers are compatible with the IBM VGA graphics standard and support
advanced modes such as SVGA that allow a greater number of colors to be
displayed at higher levels of resolution. The Company further segregates its
business into product families focused on portable display applications and
desktop applications.

|_|  FLAT PANEL DISPLAY CONTROLLERS

The market for flat panel display controllers has grown rapidly as the
popularity of portable computers has increased. The portable computing segment
of the market is the fastest growing portion of the PC industry; and most
industry projections estimate that portable computers will comprise an
increasingly larger portion of total PC shipments. The most common portable
computing devices are the notebook and sub-notebook computers. The majority of
these devices use a built-in flat panel display. Advances in the portable
computing industry have most recently revolved around improvements in display
quality, power consumption and performance. Expected advances in portable
computing suggest that portable PCs will eventually have performance and
functionality equivalent to the traditional desktop PC.

The Company markets a family of flat panel display controllers that offer
different combinations of features and performance to meet the varying
requirements of portable PCs. The product family addresses key customer
requirements with high component-level integration through the incorporation on
chip of a RAMDAC ( random access memory digital-to-analog converter) and clock
synthesizer, the support of color flat panel displays, low power consumption
through 3.3 volt operation and, most recently, GUI acceleration capabilities
built into the chip hardware. The Company is currently focusing on the
integration of multimedia display functions in order to expand the capabilities
of the product. The Company believes that portable computers are evolving into
replacements for traditional desktop computers and that this transition will
demand greater functionality from the flat panel display controller.

The Company's flat panel controller customers include major PC manufacturers and
subcontract manufacturers of notebook and sub-notebook computers. The customer
design-in process for a portable computer tends to span a longer period of time
and be more complex than that of a desktop PC or peripheral. The Company
supports its customers' design process by providing software such as video BIOS
( Basic I/O System ) and software drivers as well as system development and
demonstration boards. The Company provides ongoing technical applications
support throughout the customer's design and manufacturing process.

|_|  CRT DISPLAY CONTROLLERS

The introduction and overwhelming prevalence of Microsoft(R) Windows(TM) as a
graphical user interface ("GUI") software environment for IBM-compatible PCs has
driven changes in end user requirements for CRT display capabilities. The
graphic features of the Windows environment have been embraced by computer users
as an aid to productivity and ease of use. The graphically intensive nature of
Windows software has placed additional demands on the electronics of the
personal computer. Standard PC VGA graphics display controllers lack the ability
to process the more extensive functions of the Windows interface. The computer's
microprocessor is burdened with the additional requirement of processing Windows
functions, leading to slower video image display and decreased user


<PAGE>

productivity. Certain companies recognized this deficiency and added hardware
based video acceleration capabilities to the existing graphics display
controller, resulting in faster video display processing for Windows and other
GUI software applications. GUI accelerator CRT display controllers are the
largest segment of the CRT display controller market and are expected to gain a
larger share of the total CRT display controller market.

The Company introduced its first single chip GUI accelerator CRT display
controller during fiscal 1994. These products offer customers a high performance
solution at competitive system level costs through the incorporation in the chip
of an innovative technology called XRAM Video Cache(TM) as well as RAMDAC and
clock synthesizer circuitry. The Company plans to expand the product family to
support emerging bus architectures such as Peripheral Component Interconnect
("PCI") , to utilize 64-bit internal architectures for increased performance and
to incorporate multimedia features to address expanding computer user
requirements.

The Company's customers for CRT display controllers include personal computer
system manufacturers, add-in card makers and motherboard manufacturers. The
customer design-in period for CRT display controllers is usually short. The
Company supports the customer design process by providing schematics, complete
board designs, BIOS system software, application software drivers and
development and demonstration boards. The Company also provides ongoing
technical support throughout the customers' design and manufacturing periods.

CORE LOGIC PRODUCTS

The primary functions of a personal computer are provided by a circuit board
called the motherboard, which generally contains the microprocessor, memory,
core logic and other peripheral control devices. The core logic devices control
the transfer of digital data within the personal computer by managing the
communications among the microprocessor, memory, system bus and peripherals. The
microprocessor of an IBM-compatible PC is based on an "X86" architecture,
commonly referred to by product family names such as 386, 486 or Pentium(TM).
The system bus management function of the core logic device implements the
protocols enabling compatibility with industry standard bus interfaces such as
Industry Standard Architecture ("ISA"), Video Enhancement Standard Architecture
( "VESA") and Peripheral Component Interconnect ("PCI").

The Company's current core logic products consist of devices that support the
range of 8086 to 486 processor families. These devices implement their core
logic circuitry for the majority of applications in one or two chips. The
Company maintains a family of products that complement its core logic devices
and implement the peripheral functions on the motherboard, such as serial and
parallel communication protocols and disk drive interface control. The Company's
core logic products also include an innovative device that combines processor,
core logic, graphics display controller and peripheral control functions on a
single chip.

The Company is targeting its core logic development efforts in three areas. The
first area is the expansion of support for new system bus and microprocessor
architectures such as the PCI system bus and the Pentium processor. The second
focuses on incorporation of power management technology into the core logic chip
that will support the U.S. Government Energy Star guidelines for power
consumption. The third involves the integration of communication and peripheral
control functions into the core logic device. The Company's customers for core
logic devices are primarily PC system manufacturers, motherboard manufacturers
and subcontract manufacturers. Its customer base also includes, to a lesser
degree, industrial and embedded control application customers. The design-in
process for core logic devices is generally much shorter for desktop PCs than
for portable PCs due to the simplicity of design and standardization of many of
the physical design factors. The Company supports the design process by
providing in most cases BIOS software, development and demonstration boards and
in many cases schematics and complete board designs. The Company assists its
customers throughout the design and manufacturing phases by providing technical
applications and design support.


<PAGE>


SALES & MARKETING

CHIPS markets and distributes its products through a combination of a direct
sales organization, regional distributors and independent manufacturer
representatives. In North America, the Company maintains direct sales offices in
Georgia, Illinois and at its corporate headquarters in San Jose, California.
Additional regional technical support staff operate in Massachusetts and Texas.
International sales offices are maintained in Taiwan and the United Kingdom.

Sales to the Company's customers are usually made pursuant to specific purchase
orders, which are cancelable or reschedulable within certain time frames,
without significant penalty. The Company recognizes sales to all customers
except domestic distributors upon shipment of the product. Revenue is recognized
upon the distributor resale for the Company's domestic distributors. The
Company's distributors are generally allowed to return to the Company a portion
of the products purchased by them. The Company maintains reserves for such
return allowances.

Sales efforts are focused on the customers' technical and management groups
responsible for new system designs. The Company provides direct application
engineering support to its customers during the evaluation, design and
production stages of the customer's product cycle to assist the customer in the
implementation of the Company's products.

The Company's products are utilized by a number of leading personal computer
manufacturers including IBM, Apple Computer, AST Research, Dell Computer, NEC
Technologies and Hewlett Packard. During fiscal 1994, there were no customers
who accounted for more than 10% of the Company's total revenue. The Company is
continuing to expand its customer base with key PC system manufacturers.
However, the loss of a significant customer or a reduction in such customer's
orders and sales could have a material adverse effect on the Company's results
of operations.

Export sales were 56%, 48% and 67% of net sales for fiscal years 1994, 1993 &
1992, respectively. The proportion of export sales also reflects the strategy of
certain PC system companies to manufacture or subcontract manufacture of their
products in foreign countries. Export sales subject the Company to the exposures
of international business, including government and foreign trade policies and
local economic conditions.

MANUFACTURING

The majority of the Company's products are manufactured using 1.0 and 0.8 micron
CMOS process technologies. The Company subcontracts to independent suppliers the
manufacture of its products. This strategy enables the Company to avoid the
large capital investment and overhead expense associated with a captive
semiconductor fabrication facility. Accordingly, the Company can focus on what
it believes are its core strengths, namely the design and marketing of its
products.

Certain of the Company's vendors deliver fully assembled and tested finished
goods products. In this case, CHIPS purchases finished goods meeting its
predetermined specifications. Other vendors provide only the silicon wafers,
after which the Company manages the process of assembly and testing through
other independent vendors. CHIPS maintains specific quality assurance programs
for all vendors and supplies its vendors with detailed semiconductor test
programs to verify its products during manufacture. The Company also requires
its vendors to manufacture to a detailed set of specifications and parameters
prior to accepting delivery of any products from its suppliers. The Company
believes it maintains good relationships with its subcontract vendors. The
Company also attempts to develop alternate vendor sources for its high volume
products to reduce the exposures caused by having a sole source for its
products.


<PAGE>


RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT

The Company considers the timely development and introduction of new products to
be essential to maintaining its competitive position and capitalizing on market
opportunities. Research and development efforts focus on the design of new
products and the enhancement of existing ones that will help to maintain or
increase the Company's participation in various product areas. At June 30, 1994,
the Company had approximately 80 employees engaged in research and development.
Spending for research and development during fiscal 1994, 1993 and 1992 was
$11.8 million, $22.6 million and $45.7 million, respectively. The decreases in
research and development spending from 1992 to 1994 reflect the impact of the
Company's restructuring programs that discontinued development efforts on
product lines the Company determined were not critical to its future product
strategy.

COMPETITION

The markets for the Company's products are characterized by intense competition.
The Company expects the level of competition to increase. Competitive factors in
the Company's markets include product features, product performance, price,
timeliness of new product introductions, quality and customer support. There can
be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete effectively in these
key areas and be successful relative to its competition. Advances by its
competition in any of the areas mentioned may have a material adverse effect on
the Company's results of operations.

The Company's competitors consist of both domestic and international companies.
Some of these companies own semiconductor fabrication, assembly and test
facilities, while others subcontract manufacturing in a way similar to CHIPS.
Some competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, marketing,
manufacturing and distribution resources than the Company. To the extent these
competitors are able to utilize these resources effectively in competing against
the Company, there could be an impact on the future operating results of the
Company.

FACTORS AFFECTING FUTURE OPERATING RESULTS

The Company's revenues are directly affected by customer demand for its
products. Customer demand fluctuates, sometimes dramatically, based on the
customers' buildup of internal inventory, seasonal factors, and product
transitions, among other things. While the Company makes every effort to be
consistently informed of customers' expected demand for its products, customers
do from time to time make unexpected changes in product purchasing forecasts and
in existing orders. Customer rescheduling, reduction in quantities and
cancellations of orders could have a material adverse impact on the Company's
revenues and results of operations.

The largest portion of the Company's sales during fiscal 1994 was comprised of
flat panel graphics controllers. The Company currently maintains a leading
position in this market and anticipates its competition will aggressively price
alternative solutions to attempt to capture market position. The Company
anticipates revenues from core logic and CRT graphics controllers to increase
if, as it expects, it gains additional customers and market share. The core
logic and CRT graphics controller businesses tend to have lower gross margins.
Therefore, to the extent that the proportion of the Company's revenue from CRT
controllers and core logic devices increases and/or the Company encounters
aggressive price competition for its flat panel controllers, gross margins
achieved in fiscal 1994 may not be sustainable.

The Company believes it is critical to its success to be able to develop complex
new products and introduce those products to the marketplace in a timely manner,
and that customer design wins and favorable margins depend on the achievement of
rapid time to market. In addition the Company must provide appropriate product
features and functionality desired by its customers, have its products selected
and designed into computer system products of leading personal computer
manufacturers and obtain sources of supply for its products at competitive
costs. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in

<PAGE>


achieving these goals. Should the Company not be successful in some or all of
these areas, there would be a material adverse effect on the Company's results
of operations.

The Company's current operating results are to a large degree influenced by its
ability to obtain and maintain design wins for its products. Many of the
Company's current customers are leading personal computer manufacturers or their
subcontractors. The Company directs its sales, marketing, customer service and
technical support efforts primarily at major personal computer system
manufacturers and subcontract manufacturers. The competition for the design wins
from such personal computer manufacturers is intense. To the extent that the
Company is unable to retain existing designs or acquire new design wins for the
Company's existing and future products, there could be a material adverse effect
on the Company's results of operations.

The Company procures its integrated circuits from various domestic and
international suppliers. The Company's reliance on subcontract vendors for
manufacture of its products presents risks including the lack of guaranteed
production capacity, delays in delivery, reduced control over production costs
and restrictions on availability of certain advanced process technologies.
Because most of the Company's production is met through subcontractors located
throughout Asia, the Company is also subject to risks beyond its control related
to international trade policies and political and economic changes in foreign
governments. The Company currently has no commitments that are binding on these
subcontractors beyond the period of outstanding purchase orders placed on these
suppliers. The Company attempts to mitigate the risks associated with its
subcontract vendors by maintaining favorable vendor relationships and developing
alternate sources of supply for high volume products. However, there can be no
assurances made that the Company will obtain sufficient timely supply of its
products to meet customer demand. A disruption in supply, inability to obtain
sufficient supply or restrictions on access to certain advanced semiconductor
process technologies could have a materially adverse effect on the Company's
operating results.

Because the Company uses subcontract vendors for the manufacture of its
products, the Company must place orders with its suppliers far in advance of
shipment to its end customers. The Company uses projections of future end
customer shipments to determine inventory purchase requirements. The Company's
products are subject to rapid technological change, intense competition and
generally have short life cycles. These factors often are manifested in rapid
increases or declines in product sales over a short period of time. The Company
attempts to identify and react to anticipated changes quickly but due to the
rapid rate of change, the Company may not be able to accurately forecast or
react in a timely manner to changes in customer demand for its products. Future
operating results could be adversely affected if the company is not able to
anticipate its inventory supply requirements and as a result generates excess or
insufficient product inventories.

The personal computer industry is subject to certain seasonal fluctuations. It
is acknowledged within both the computer and semiconductor industries that sales
and purchases may vary significantly within a particular quarterly or annual
period. To the extent that seasonal fluctuations occur, they may cause
volatility in operating results for a particular period and could have material
effect on future operating results. Due to fluctuations in the Company's
customers orders in a particular period, historical results of the Company may
not be indicative of future operating results.

LICENSES, PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS

The Company attempts to protect its proprietary technology through the filing of
patents and by the use of copyright, maskwork and trade secret protection and
trademarks. The Company has been granted 59 patents covering various technical
innovations. The Company also has 43 pending patent applications, including 2 in
which a notice of allowance has issued. The Company intends to continue to build
and protect its intellectual property portfolio.

The semiconductor industry is characterized by frequent litigation regarding
patents and other intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance that
third parties will not assert claims against the Company related to current and

<PAGE>

future products. In the event of such litigation, significant financial expense
and diversion of key technical and management personnel resources could occur.
Should there be an adverse result in any litigation proceeding, the Company
could be required to expend significant resources to develop non-infringing
technology, obtain licenses or provide financial compensation. The unfavorable
outcome of litigation against the Company could have a materially adverse impact
on the Company's results of operations.

BACKLOG

The Company participates in an industry that is subject to short order and
shipment lead times. The Company's customers may change or cancel order and
shipment schedules within certain periods with minimal penalties. In light of
these factors, the Company does not consider backlog to be a reliable or
meaningful indicator of the Company's operating results.

EMPLOYEES

As of June 30, 1994 the Company had 184 employees, of whom 80 were engaged in
research and development, 56 in marketing and sales, 28 in manufacturing and 20
in administration and finance. The Company's future success will depend, in
part, on its ability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel. None of
the Company's employees is represented by collective bargaining agreements and
the Company has never experienced a work stoppage. The Company believes its
employee relations are good.

ITEM 2.  PROPERTIES

The Company's corporate headquarters are located at 2950 Zanker Road in San
Jose, California. The Company owns the land and the 170,000 square foot building
on the site. The Company also owns two adjacent undeveloped lots located at 2833
and 2841 Zanker Road in San Jose, California.

The Company leases office space for its regional direct sales offices
domestically in Georgia and Illinois and internationally in Taiwan and the
United Kingdom.

During fiscal 1994, the Company vacated three leased office facilities near its
corporate headquarters as part of its previously announced restructuring
program. The termination and settlement of the building lease agreements were
achieved during the first quarter of fiscal 1994.

The Company believes its facilities to be fully utilized and adequate for the
Company's current operations. However, future changes in the Company and its
personnel needs may affect the adequacy of the current facilities.

ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

None

ITEM 4.  SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

None


<PAGE>


EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

The executive officers of the Company and their ages are as follows:

James F. Stafford                  50      President and Chief Executive Officer

Keith A. Angelo                    38      Vice President, Marketing

Lee J. Barker                      49      Vice President, Operations

Timothy R. Christoffersen          52      Vice President, Finance and Chief
                                            Financial Officer

Richard E. Christopher             47      Vice President, Sales

Scott E. Cutler                    42      Vice President, Software Technology

Morris E. Jones, Jr.               42      Senior Vice President and Chief
                                            Technical Officer

Lawrence A. Roffelsen              49      Vice President, Engineering

Jeffery Anne Tatum                 44      Vice President and General Counsel


Mr. Stafford was elected to the Board of Directors on August 6, 1993 and was
named President and Chief Executive Officer on July 28, 1993. Previously he had
served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer from January 1992 to
July 1993, as Senior Vice President, Product Line Operations from February 1990
to January 1992, as Vice President, Product Line Operations from July 1989 to
February 1990, as Vice President, Operations from December 1985 to July 1989 and
as Director of Operations from January 1985 to December 1985. From February 1981
to December 1984, he served as Director of Materials at Seeq Technology, Inc.

Mr. Angelo was promoted to Vice President, Marketing in November, 1992.
Previously, Mr. Angelo had served as General Manager, Media Group, from April
1992 to November 1992, as Director of Marketing from January 1991 to April 1992,
as Marketing Manager from January 1989 to January 1991 and as Product Manager in
the Graphics group from October 1987 to January 1989. Prior to joining the
Company, Mr. Angelo spent four years at Intel Corporation in various marketing
positions in the Peripheral Component Group. Prior to joining Intel, Mr. Angelo
worked for a year at Randtronics.

Mr. Barker has served as Vice President,  Operations since July 1992. Prior
to joining the Company,  he was self employed for twelve years as a manufacturer
of electronic  scoreboards and a supplier of raw materials to the sign industry.
From 1975 to 1979,  Mr. Barker was the Corporate  Director of Material for Excel
Industries.

Mr. Christoffersen has served as Chief Financial Officer since January 1994.
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Christoffersen spent two years with Resonex
Inc., as Executive Vice President, Director, Chief Financial Officer, and later
Chief Operating Officer. Prior to joining Resonex, he spent 9 years with several
subsidiaries of Ford Motor Company in various managerial and financial
positions.

Mr.  Christopher has served as Vice  President,  Sales,  since July,  1992.
Prior to joining the  Company,  Mr.  Christopher  spent  twelve years at Fujitsu
Microelectronics  where he became  Senior Vice  President  and General  Manager.
Prior to joining Fujitsu  Microelectronics,  Mr.  Christopher spent two years at
Harris Semiconductor as the Central Area Sales Manager.  Prior to joining Harris
Semiconductor,  Mr. Christopher served in various sales and marketing  positions
at Fairchild Semiconductor.

Mr. Cutler has served as Vice President, Software Technology, since March, 1990.
Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Cutler spent six years at Tandy Computers as
Vice President, Software Design, and in various software managerial positions.
Prior to joining Tandy Computers, Mr. Cutler spent eight years at General

<PAGE>

Electric in its Corporate Research and Development laboratory in various
managerial and technical positions.

Mr. Jones, Jr. is a founder of the Company and has served as Senior Vice
President and Chief Technical Officer since February 1990, as Vice President,
Advanced Products and Chief Technical Officer from January 1989 to February
1990, as Chief Technical Officer from March 1987 to January 1989, as Vice
President, Computer Aided Engineering from December 1985 to March 1987, and as
Director of Computer Aided Engineering from December 1984 to December 1985. From
August 1984 to December 1984, he served as Manager of Computer Aided Engineering
at Seeq Technology, Inc. From May 1978 to August 1984, he served as Principal
Engineer at Amdahl Corporation, a mainframe computer manufacturer.

Mr. Roffelsen has served as Vice President, Engineering since November 1992.
Prior to joining the Company, he spent three years at Fujitsu Microelectronics,
Inc., where he served most recently as Vice President, ASIC Operations. Prior to
joining Fujitsu, he spent ten years with ITT Aerospace/Optical Division where he
served in several managerial positions.

Ms. Tatum has served as Vice President and General Counsel since July, 1994. She
previously served as General Counsel from August, 1993 to July 1994, and as
Assistant General Counsel from February 1992 to August 1993. Prior to joining
the Company, she was a partner of the law firms of Seyfarth, Shaw, Fairweather
and Geraldson from 1990 to 1992, and of Adams, Duque and Hazeltine from 1985 to
1989.

                                    PART II

ITEM 5.  MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY & RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK

The Company's Common Stock has been traded in the over-the-counter market under
the symbol "CHPS" since October 8, 1986 and on the NASDAQ National Market System
since October 21, 1986. The following table sets forth high and low closing sale
prices for the Common Stock as reported by National Quotation Bureau, Inc.

                           Fiscal 1994                      Fiscal 1993
                     High              Low            High             Low
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
First Quarter        $6.00            $3.75           $6.75           $3.25
Second Quarter        6.95             4.875           5.375           3.50
Third Quarter         7.375            5.00            5.125           3.125
Fourth Quarter        5.75             3.75            4.50            2.875
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Company's present policy is to reinvest earnings in future operations. The
Company has not paid and does not anticipate paying cash dividends in the
foreseeable future. At July 31, 1994 there were 16,887,560 shares of Common
Stock outstanding, held by approximately 1,184 stockholders of record.


<PAGE>



ITEM 6.  SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA
                                                                                    SELECTED DATA
                                                         In thousands except per share amounts     Year ended June 30,
                                                            1994          1993          1992         1991         1990
                                                           --------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>          <C>
Net sales                                                    $73,444       $97,874     $141,106     $225,088     $293,401
Gross margin                                                  26,480        24,725       16,961       82,496      132,256
Income (loss) from operations                                (1,077)      (52,654)     (84,676)     (19,093)       40,505
Net income (loss)                                              2,714      (49,055)     (63,873)      (9,624)       29,298
Net income (loss) per share                                     0.16        (3.13)       (4.46)       (0.71)         1.88
Total assets                                                  54,620        64,806      118,872      158,521      201,754
Long-term capital lease and notes payable                      1,019         1,009        3,835        6,841        8,575
Convertible debentures                                         7,910         7,910           -            -            -
Stockholders' equity                                          26,327        19,677       65,327      114,459      133,966
</TABLE>


<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA  (UNAUDITED)

                                                                       Three months ended
                                                         ----------------------------------------------------
In thousands except per share amounts                     June 30,     March 31,      Dec. 31,    Sept. 30,
                                                            1994          1994          1993         1993
                                                         ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>           <C>          <C>          <C>    
Net sales                                                    $15,393       $14,442      $22,438      $21,171
Gross margin                                                   4,871         5,173        8,378        8,058
Restructuring charges (recovery)                                  -          (372)           -            -
Income (loss) from operations                                  (971)         (909)          791           12
Net income                                                     1,525           147          720          322
Net income per share                                            0.09          0.01         0.04         0.02

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                        Three months ended
                                                         ----------------------------------------------------
                                                          June 30,     March 31,     Dec. 31,     Sept. 30,
                                                            1993          1993          1992         1992
                                                         ----------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                          <C>           <C>         <C>          <C>    
Net sales                                                    $21,530       $21,611      $28,415      $26,318
Gross margin                                                   7,411         6,494        3,050        7,770
Restructuring charges                                          6,233            -        17,038           -
Loss from operations                                         (9,528)       (4,124)     (28,883)     (10,119)
Net loss                                                     (9,353)       (4,093)     (25,883)      (9,726)
Net loss per share                                            (0.59)        (0.26)       (1.67)       (0.63)
</TABLE>


<PAGE>

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
        RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

OVERVIEW

The Company's net income for fiscal 1994 was $2.7 million or $0.16 per share.
Net income for fiscal 1994 includes a reduction in previously provided taxes of
$2.2 million related to the resolution of various tax matters. The Company's
operating loss for fiscal 1994 was $1.1 million. During fiscal 1994, the Company
made substantial progress in implementing the restructuring programs begun in
fiscal 1993. The Company achieved operating cost reductions and focused on its
strategic business areas through the implementation of restructuring programs,
including building consolidations and the discontinuation of certain product
lines that were inconsistent with the Company's strategic plans.

NET SALES

Net sales for fiscal 1994 were $73.4 million, a decrease from sales of $97.9
million in fiscal 1993 and $141.1 million in fiscal 1992. Net sales declined in
fiscal 1994 as compared to fiscal 1993 due to discontinuation of the Company's
systems business and a reduction in the unit sales volume of mature core logic
and processor products. This decline was partially offset by an increase in unit
sales volume of graphics products during fiscal 1994. The net sales decline in
fiscal 1993, compared to fiscal 1992, was primarily due to a reduction in both
unit volumes and average selling prices for the Company's products, particularly
core logic devices. The majority of the Company's sales are derived from
graphics controller products. The Company has targeted its sales and marketing
efforts at major PC manufacturers and has obtained numerous design wins from
these customers. The Company believes it is positioned favorably to capitalize
on the increasing consolidation within the PC industry as major PC manufacturers
increase their market share and influence within the PC market.

Export sales are sales made to foreign customers and to the overseas
manufacturing facilities of domestic customers. Export sales were 56%, 48% and
67% of net sales for fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. Sales to
foreign customers are denominated in US dollars. During fiscal 1994 and 1993
there were no customers who accounted for greater than 10% of the Company's
sales. During fiscal 1992, two of the Company's distributors, Gain Tune, Ltd.
and Ally, Inc./Creative Model Ltd. accounted for 15% and 11%, respectively, of
the Company's sales.

GROSS MARGIN

The gross margin percentage was approximately 36% in fiscal 1994 compared to 25%
in fiscal 1993 and 12% in fiscal 1992. Gross margins have improved in fiscal
1994 as the Company's mix of product shifted favorably towards a greater
proportion of flat panel graphics controllers. Other factors causing the
improvement in gross margins in fiscal 1994 as compared to fiscal 1993 are
reduced manufacturing costs and lower inventory obsolescence. Gross margins
improved in fiscal 1993 compared to fiscal 1992 primarily from a reduction in
inventory obsolescence.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES

R&D expenses were $11.8 million, $22.6 million and $45.7 million in fiscal years
1994, 1993 and 1992, respectively. R&D expenditures have decreased each year
generally as a result of restructuring programs to implement the Company's focus
on fewer key product areas. The decrease in fiscal 1994 from fiscal 1993 and the
decrease in fiscal 1993 from fiscal 1992 are primarily attributable to lower
headcount and fewer and more focused product development projects. During the
first quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company discontinued its systems and
networking businesses as well as future development of stand-alone multi-media

<PAGE>

products. During fiscal 1993, the Company discontinued its stand-alone
microprocessor and multi-processor product development.

SALES & MARKETING EXPENSES

Sales and Marketing expenses were $10.9 million in fiscal 1994, $20.2 million in
fiscal 1993 and $31.9 million in fiscal 1992. The decline in Sales & Marketing
expenses in fiscal 1994 as compared to fiscal 1993 is primarily due to reduction
in headcount costs as a result of the Company's strategy of targeting major PC
system manufacturers and restructuring to focus on core product technologies.
The decline from fiscal 1993 to fiscal 1992 is due mainly to reductions in
headcount expenses and sales commissions resulting from lower revenue levels.

GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES

General and Administrative expenses were $5.2 million, $11.3 million and $14.9
million in fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992 respectively. The reduction in
expenses in fiscal 1994 compared to fiscal 1993 is due to reductions in
headcount and outside legal services. G&A expenses decreased in fiscal 1993
compared to fiscal 1992 primarily from lower outside legal fees resulting from
reduced litigation activity.

RESTRUCTURING COSTS

Restructuring costs of $23.3 million and $9.1 million were recorded in fiscal
1993 and 1992, respectively. These restructuring charges related to reserves for
discontinuation of certain product lines, facility consolidations and employee
severance as well as reductions in the value of goodwill and purchased
technology. In fiscal 1994, the Company received the first of four scheduled
payments of $0.4 million against a note receivable recorded in respect of the
sale of the Company's discontinued product lines consisting of its system
business, networking products and future development of stand-alone multimedia
products. The carrying value of these discontinued product lines was reserved as
part of the restructuring charge recorded in fiscal 1993. The Company maintains
no influence or control over the operations of the divested businesses and
technologies and no assurances can be made that future payments will be received
in respect of the note receivable. Accordingly, the Company records income on
the sale of these product lines as cash is collected on the note. The Company
believes that its remaining restructuring reserve is adequate for completion of
its restructuring programs, which are required primarily to cover the final
costs related to the consolidation of operations. However, there can be no
assurance that the Company will not need additional restructuring provisions in
the future.

INTEREST INCOME (EXPENSE) NET AND OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE) NET

Other income including interest income was $1.7 million in fiscal 1994 compared
to income of $3.6 million in fiscal 1993 and $0.9 million in fiscal 1992. Fiscal
1994 other income includes $0.9 million from the sale of investments. Fiscal
1993 other income consisted mainly of cash received in settlement of litigation.

INCOME TAXES

In the fourth quarter fiscal 1994, the Company resolved a number of tax issues
and as a result, recorded a tax benefit of $2.2 million related to taxes which
were previously provided for these issues. The Company recorded no tax benefit
in fiscal 1993 compared to a tax benefit of $19.9 million in fiscal 1992.
Financial Accounting Standard No. 109 "Accounting for Income Taxes," has been
applied for all periods presented and a valuation allowance has been established
for any deferred tax assets for which realization is not reasonably assured.

<PAGE>

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

During fiscal 1994, $6.7 million of cash, cash equivalents and short term
investments were used in the operating, financing and investing activities of
the Company, compared to generation of $5.0 million in fiscal 1993 and usage of
$23.4 million in fiscal 1992. The usage of cash in fiscal 1994 is primarily the
result of execution of the restructuring plans announced in early fiscal 1994,
consisting of payments made for settlement of lease obligations and employee
severance. During fiscal 1993, $6.6 million of cash was generated mainly due to
the receipt of a federal tax refund of $28.3 million and proceeds of a
subordinated debt offering of $10.3 million, offset by cash consumed by
operations.

Cash, cash equivalents and short term investments were $22.5 million at June 30,
1994, a decrease of $6.7 million, compared to $29.2 million at June 30, 1993.
For the same periods, accounts receivable increased $1.5 million and inventory
increased $0.6 million while current liabilities decreased $16.8 million.
Accounts receivable increased mainly from increased sales at the end of the
fourth quarter of fiscal 1994 as compared to fiscal 1993. Inventory increases
were due to the higher levels of inventory maintained for flat panel graphics
controller products. The decrease in current liabilities was largely due to the
payout of accrued restructuring costs and the reduction of accrued tax
liabilities.

The Company's capital requirements consist primarily of financing working
capital items and funding operational activities. The Company has two line of
credit agreements allowing borrowing up to $13.0 million at the bank reference
rates. Both agreements expire in October 1995 and there were no borrowings
outstanding against these lines at June 30, 1994 and June 30, 1993. The existing
line of credit agreements require that the Company meet certain covenants
related to financial performance and condition. The Company also anticipates
obtaining additional credit facilities for the purpose of financing certain
capital equipment purchases. Based on current levels of working capital and
available borrowing capacity, the Company believes that its present capital
resources are sufficient to meet its needs for the next fiscal year.

FACTORS AFFECTING FUTURE OPERATING RESULTS

The Company anticipates its sales increasing sequentially over the first and
second quarters. The Company's revenues are directly affected by customer demand
for its products. Customer demand fluctuates, sometimes dramatically, based on
the customers' buildup of internal inventory, seasonal factors, and product
transitions, among other things. While the Company makes every effort to be
consistently informed of customers' expected demand for its products, customers
do from time to time make unexpected changes in product purchasing forecasts and
in existing orders. Customer rescheduling, reduction in quantities and
cancellations of orders could have a material adverse impact on the Company's
revenues and results of operations.

The largest portion of the Company's sales during fiscal 1994 was comprised of
flat panel graphics controllers. The Company currently maintains a leading
position in this market and anticipates its competition will aggressively price
alternative solutions to attempt to capture market position. The Company
anticipates revenues from core logic and CRT graphics controllers to increase
if, as it expects, it gains additional customers and market share. The core
logic and CRT graphics controller businesses tend to have lower gross margins.
Therefore, to the extent that the proportion of the Company's revenue from CRT
controllers and core logic devices increases and/or the Company encounters
aggressive price competition for its flat panel controllers, gross margins
achieved in fiscal 1994 may not be sustainable. The Company anticipates its
future operating expenses, including research and development expenses, will
increase in absolute amounts as compared to fiscal 1994. However, the Company
believes the rate of increase will be smaller than the rate of revenue growth.

The Company believes it is critical to its success to be able to develop complex
new products and introduce those products to the marketplace in a timely manner,
and that customer design wins and favorable margins depend on the achievement of
rapid time to market. In addition the Company must provide appropriate product
features and functionality desired by its customers, have its products selected

<PAGE>

and designed into computer system products of leading personal computer
manufacturers and obtain sources of supply for its products at competitive
costs. There can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in
achieving these goals. Should the Company not be successful in some or all of
these areas, there would be a material adverse effect on the Company's results
of operations.

The Company's current operating results are to a large degree influenced by its
ability to obtain and maintain design wins for its products. Many of the
Company's current customers are leading personal computer manufacturers or their
subcontractors. The Company directs its sales, marketing, customer service and
technical support efforts primarily at major personal computer system
manufacturers and subcontract manufacturers. The competition for the design wins
from such personal computer manufacturers is intense. To the extent that the
Company is unable to retain existing designs or acquire new design wins for the
Company's existing and future products, there could be a material adverse effect
on the Company's results of operations.

The Company procures its integrated circuits from various domestic and
international suppliers. The Company's reliance on subcontract vendors for
manufacture of its products presents risks including the lack of guaranteed
production capacity, delays in delivery, reduced control over production costs
and restrictions on availability of certain advanced process technologies.
Because most of the Company's production is met through subcontractors located
throughout Asia, the Company is also subject to risks beyond its control related
to international trade policies and political and economic changes in foreign
governments. The Company currently has no commitments that are binding on these
subcontractors beyond the period of outstanding purchase orders placed on these
suppliers. The Company attempts to mitigate the risks associated with its
subcontract vendors by maintaining favorable vendor relationships and developing
alternate sources of supply for high volume products. However, there can be no
assurances made that the Company will obtain sufficient timely supply of its
products to meet customer demand. A disruption in supply, inability to obtain
sufficient supply or restrictions on access to certain advanced semiconductor
process technologies could have a materially adverse effect on the Company's
operating results.

Because the Company uses subcontract vendors for the manufacture of its
products, the Company must place orders with its suppliers far in advance of
shipment to its end customers. The Company uses projections of future end
customer shipments to determine inventory purchase requirements. The Company's
products are subject to rapid technological change, intense competition and
generally have short life cycles. These factors often are manifested in rapid
increases or declines in product sales over a short period of time. The Company
attempts to identify and react to anticipated changes quickly but due to the
rapid rate of change, the Company may not be able to accurately forecast or
react in a timely manner to changes in customer demand for its products. Future
operating results could be adversely affected if the company is not able to
anticipate its inventory supply requirements and as a result generates excess or
insufficient product inventories.

The personal computer industry is subject to certain seasonal fluctuations. It
is acknowledged within both the computer and semiconductor industries that sales
and purchases may vary significantly within a particular quarterly or annual
period. To the extent that seasonal fluctuations occur, they may cause
volatility in operating results for a particular period and could have material
effect on future operating results. Due to fluctuations in the Company's
customers orders in a particular period, historical results of the Company may
not be indicative of future operating results.

<PAGE>

ITEM 8.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                            Page
Report of Independent Accountants                                             17
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three year period ending
  June 30, 1994                                                               18
Consolidated Balance Sheets for the two year period ending June 30, 1994      19
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for the three year period ending
  June 30, 1994                                                               20
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the three year period
  ending June 30, 1994                                                        21
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                                 22-27
Report of Independent  Accountants on Financial Statement Schedules           29


<PAGE>

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Chips and Technologies, Inc.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related
consolidated statements of operations, stockholders' equity and cash flow
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Chips and
Technologies, Inc. and its subsidiaries at June 30, 1994 and 1993, and the
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended June 30, 1994, in conformity with generally accepted accounting
principles. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's
management; our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of these statements in
accordance with generally accepted auditing standards which require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for the opinion expressed
above.

/S/ PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
- --------------------------
Price Waterhouse LLP
San Jose, California

July 21, 1994


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

<CAPTION>

                                                                                      Year ended June 30,
In thousands except per share amounts                                    1994               1993             1992
                                                                       --------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                    <C>                 <C>             <C>
Net sales                                                               $73,444            $97,874         $141,106

Cost of sales and other manufacturing expenses                           46,964             73,149          124,145
                                                                       --------------------------------------------
Gross margin                                                             26,480             24,725           16,961

Operating expenses

    Research and development                                             11,793             22,633           45,739
    Marketing and selling                                                10,946             20,164           31,901
    General and administrative                                            5,190             11,311           14,866
    Restructuring costs                                                   (372)             23,271            9,131
                                                                       --------------------------------------------
Total operating expenses                                                 27,557             77,379          101,637

Loss from operations                                                    (1,077)           (52,654)         (84,676)
Interest income and other, net                                            1,735              3,599              916
                                                                       --------------------------------------------
Income (loss) before taxes                                                  658           (49,055)         (83,760)

Benefit for income taxes                                                  2,056                  0           19,887
                                                                       --------------------------------------------
Net Income (loss)                                                        $2,714          ($49,055)        ($63,873)
                                                                       ============================================
Net income (loss)  per share                                              $0.16            ($3.13)          ($4.46)
                                                                       ============================================
Weighted average number of common shares and
dilutive share equivalents outstanding                                   16,623             15,650           14,332
                                                                       ============================================

<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements
</TABLE>


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
<CAPTION>

                                                                                        June 30,

Dollars in thousands except share amounts                                         1994                 1993
                                                                       ============================================
<S>                                                                                  <C>                  <C>
Assets
Current assets:
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                      $17,372              $20,742
      Short-term investments                                                           5,171                8,436
      Accounts receivable, net of allowance for
      doubtful accounts of $1,269 and $1,463, respectively                            11,757               10,287
      Inventory                                                                        5,845                5,244
      Prepaid and other assets                                                         3,100                5,401
                                                                       -------------------------------------------- 
Total current assets                                                                  43,245               50,110
Property and equipment, net                                                           10,325               13,059
Other assets                                                                           1,050                1,637
                                                                       --------------------------------------------
Total  assets                                                                        $54,620              $64,806
                                                                       ============================================

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity
Current liabilities:

      Accounts payable                                                                $7,081               $6,889
      Current capital lease obligations                                                  571                3,410
      Accrued compensation                                                             1,567                1,724
      Accrued liabilities to manufacturers representatives                             2,209                2,218
      Other accrued liabilities                                                        4,733                6,613
      Deferred gross profit                                                            1,661                1,581
      Accrued restructuring costs                                                      1,542               13,775
                                                                       -------------------------------------------- 
Total current liabilities                                                             19,364               36,210
Long-term capital lease obligations                                                      100                1,009
Noncurrent notes payable                                                                 919                    0
Convertible debentures                                                                 7,910                7,910
                                                                       --------------------------------------------
Total liabilities                                                                     28,293               45,129
                                                                       ============================================ 

Commitments (Note 3)
Stockholders' equity:

      Convertible preferred stock, $.01 par value; 5,000,000 shares

      authorized; 123,000 shares issued and outstanding                                    1                    1
      Common stock, $.01 par value; 100,000,000 shares authorized;
      16,881,000 and 16,074,000 shares issued                                            169                  160
      Capital in excess of par value                                                  59,222               55,329
      Notes receivable from officers                                                       0                 (34)
      Retained deficit                                                              (33,065)             (35,779)
                                                                       -------------------------------------------- 
Total stockholders' equity                                                            26,327               19,677

                                                                       --------------------------------------------
Total liabilities & stockholders' equity                                             $54,620              $64,806
                                                                       ============================================
<FN>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

</TABLE>


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
                                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW
<CAPTION>

                                                                                     Year ended June 30,

In thousands                                                                1994             1993           1992
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------
<S>                                                                          <C>            <C>            <C> 
Cash flows from operating activities:

Net Income (loss)                                                             $2,714        ($49,055)      ($63,873)

Adjustments to cash provided by (used for) operating activities:

  Depreciation and amortization                                                3,414            8,553         12,169
  Provision for losses on accounts receivable                                    676            1,079            457
  Provision for losses on inventory                                            1,228            9,242         24,011
  (Gain) loss on sale of fixed assets and investment                           (956)               50          (294)
  Other                                                                          (1)              106            294
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
    Accounts receivable                                                      (1,583)           11,481         10,642
    Inventory                                                                (2,734)              481        (7,120)
    Income taxes refundable                                                        0           28,261       (19,983)
    Accounts payable                                                             139         (12,782)          3,585
    Other assets and liabilities                                               (517)         (11,368)          5,247
    Accrued restructuring costs                                             (10,749)           23,271          9,131
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used for) operating activities                         (8,369)            9,319       (25,734)
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------

Cash flows from investing activities:
  Capital expenditures                                                       (1,672)            (718)        (2,503)
  Sale (Purchase) of short-term investments                                    3,265          (8,436)              0
  Proceeds from sale of investments and fixed assets                           3,473            1,067            419
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used for) investing activities                           5,066          (8,087)        (2,084)
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------

Cash flows from financing activities:
  Principal payments for capital lease obligations                           (3,748)          (5,656)        (7,418)
  Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt                                      0           10,280              0
  Proceeds from issuance of stock                                              3,646              697          4,538
  Treasury stock issued                                                            0                0          7,126
  Repayments of officer loans                                                     35               14            144
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------
Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities                            (67)            5,335          4,390
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                         (3,370)            6,567       (23,428)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                20,742           14,175         37,603
                                                                       ----------------------------------------------
Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                     $17,372          $20,742        $14,175
                                                                       ==============================================

Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for:

   Interest                                                                   $1,002           $1,638         $1,512
   Income taxes                                                                   39              247          1,319
Tax benefit related to shares purchased under option                               0                0          2,639
Additions under capital lease obligations                                          0              781          3,140
<FN>

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

</TABLE>


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY

In thousands

                                       CONVERTIBLE       COMMON     CAPITAL IN      TREASURY          NOTES
                                        PREFERRED        STOCK       EXCESS OF        STOCK        RECEIVABLE
                                                PAR            PAR   PAR VALUE                        FROM      RETAINED
                                       SHARES  VALUE  SHARES  VALUE              SHARES    COST     OFFICERS    EARNINGS   TOTAL
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                       <C>      <C> <C>     <C>       <C>     <C>     <C>           <C>       <C>     <C>   
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1991                  -        $0  14,721  $147      $44,681  1,277  ($11,226)     ($392)    $81,249 $114,459

SHARES OF COMMON ISSUED UPON
   EXERCISE OF:
     OPTIONS, PLUS ACCRUED INTEREST                       656      6       3,601 (1,104)     9,302       (24)    (3,250)    9,635
     EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN                         156      2         929  (173)      1,924                 (850)    2,005
REPAYMENT OF LOANS FROM OFFICERS                                                                          144                 144
COMPENSATION RELATED TO
     NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS
     NET OF UNEARNED PROTON
     OF $250                                                                 318                                              318
TAX BENEFIT RELATED TO SHARES

     PURCHASED UNDER OPTION                                                2,639                                            2,639
NET LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                                                                           (63,873)  (63,873)
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1992                 -          0  15,533   155       52,168      0          0      (272)     13,276   65,327

SHARES OF COMMON ISSUED UPON
   EXERCISE OF:

     OPTIONS, PLUS ACCRUED INTEREST                       12                  58                         (24)                  34
     EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN                        141       1         506                                              507
REPAYMENT OF LOANS FROM OFFICERS                                                                          262                 262
COMMON STOCK WARRANTS                                                        102                                              102
CONVERSION OF CONVERTIBLE
     SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES INTO
     SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK             511       5                      2,365                                           2,370
CONVERSION OF SERIES A PREFERRED
     STOCK INTO COMMON STOCK            (388)     (4)     388     4
COMPENSATION RELATED TO
     NON-QUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS                                             130                                              130
NET LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                                                                           (49,055)  (49,055)
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1993                  123       1  16,074   160       55,329      0          0       (34)   (35,779)   19,677

SHARES OF COMMON ISSUED UPON                                                                                                    0
   EXERCISE OF:                                                                                                                 0
     OPTIONS, PLUS ACCRUED INTEREST                       701     7        3,426                                            3,433
     EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN                          56     1          211                                              213
     SHARES ISSUED FOR BUILDING                                                                                                 0
     LEASE SETTLEMENT                                      50     1          256                                              256
REPAYMENT OF LOANS FROM OFFICERS                                                                           34                  34
NET INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                                                                            2,714    2,714
                                       -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1994                  123      $1  16,881  $169      $59,222      -        $ -        $ -  ($33,065)  $26,327
                                       ===========================================================================================
                                                                                      
<FN>
See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements

</TABLE>


<PAGE>


                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS Chips and Technologies, Inc. (the "Company") develops
and markets very large scale integrated ("VLSI") circuits for the personal
computer industry. The Company was incorporated in California in December 1984
and was reincorporated in Delaware in August 1986. The Company's principal
operations are conducted in the United States.

Export sales, principally to Asia, are sales made to foreign customers and to
the overseas manufacturing facilities of domestic customers. Export sales were
56%, 48% and 67% of net sales for fiscal years 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively. Foreign currency transaction gains and losses are included in
results of operations and were not significant in the periods presented.

PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION The consolidated financial statements include the
accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. All material intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated.

CASH EQUIVALENTS AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS The Company considers all highly
liquid debt instruments with maturities of three or fewer months at the time of
purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash equivalents and Short-term investments
consist primarily of commercial paper and government obligations and are
recorded at cost, which approximates market value. The Company's financial
instruments are with high quality investments and institutions. This
diversification of risk is consistent with company policy to maintain liquidity
and ensure the safety of principal. Cash equivalents of $0.3 million are pledged
against certain equipment leases and have restrictions as to usage. The Company
will adopt Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 115. "Accounting for
Certain Investments Debt and Equity Securities" (FAS 115) beginning in fiscal
1995. Adoption of FAS 115 is not expected to have a material effect on the
Company's consolidated financial statements.

INVENTORY Inventory, comprising finished goods, is stated at the lower of cost
or market. Cost is determined based on acquisition cost utilizing the first-in,
first-out method and appropriate reserves are established for slow moving and
discontinued products.

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT Property and equipment are stated at cost. Depreciation
is computed using the straight-line method with estimated useful life of three
to five years for furniture and equipment; five to 30 years for building and
improvements. Equipment under capitalized leases is amortized over its useful
life.

REVENUE RECOGNITION Revenue from product sales to customers other than domestic
distributors is recognized upon shipment and reserves are provided for estimated
returns. Sales to distributors are generally subject to agreements allowing
certain rights of return and price protection with respect to unsold merchandise
held by the distributor. The Company defers recognition of revenue and related
gross margin on sales to domestic distributors until the product is sold by
these distributors.

NET INCOME (LOSS) PER SHARE Net income (loss) per share is computed using the
weighted average number of common shares and dilutive common share equivalents
outstanding during the respective periods.

INCOME TAXES Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and
liabilities and the amounts reported for financial reporting purposes, for all
periods presented.

CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK The Company believes that the concentration of
credit risk in its trade receivables is substantially mitigated by the Company's
credit evaluation process, relatively short collection terms, distributor
agreements, and the geographical dispersion of sales.

<PAGE>

NOTE 2   PROPERTY & EQUIPMENT :

                                                         Year Ended June 30,
                                                        1994            1993
                                                      --------------------------
Computers                                              $8,541          $19,750
Furniture & Equipment                                   8,173           14,193
Purchased Computer Software                             9,138            8,901
Building & Building Improvements                        5,196            5,100
Land                                                    2,909            2,909
Leasehold Improvements                                    210              443
                                                      --------------------------
                                                       34,167           51,296
Accumulated Depreciation & Amortization               (23,842)         (38,237)
                                                      --------------------------
Property and Equipment Net                            $10,325          $13,059
                                                      ==========================


At June 30, 1994 and June 30, 1993 assets under capitalized leases (Note 3) had
values of $2.1 million and $14.9 million, respectively, less accumulated
amortization of $1.8 million and $10.2 million, respectively. Amortization of
equipment under capitalized leases is included as part of depreciation and
amortization expense.

NOTE 3   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

The Company leases certain property and equipment under capital leases and
various other equipment under non-cancelable operating leases. The Company has
future minimum lease payments under capital leases of $725,000 due through 1996
and payments under operating leases of $231,000 due through 1999. The present
value of the capital lease obligations aggregates to $671,000 of which $571,000
is due within 12 months. Rent expense for operating leases totaled $0.5 million,
$2.8 million and $4.0 million for the fiscal years ended 1994, 1993 and 1992,
respectively.

On September 16, 1993, the company entered into a settlement agreement to
terminate the long-term leases for the buildings previously occupied at the
Company's headquarters. (See note 8)

The Company has two line of credit agreements allowing borrowing up to $13.0
million at the bank reference rates. Both agreements expire in October 1995 and
there were no borrowings outstanding against these lines at June 30, 1994. The
Company has outstanding standby letters of credit of $2.3 million securing
inventory purchases with certain vendors.

NOTE 4   SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES:

On July 16, 1992, the Company issued $10.3 million of 8.5% Convertible
Promissory Notes (the "Notes") due June 30, 1997. In May 1993, the principal
amount of $2.4 million of the Notes was converted into 510,776 shares of Series
A Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Preferred") of which 387,931 shares were
immediately converted into the same number of shares of common stock. The
remaining principal amount of $7.9 million of the Notes was converted into 8.5%
Convertible Subordinated Debentures due June 30, 2002 (the "Debentures").
Interest on the Debentures is payable semiannually. The principal amount is
convertible into common stock at $5.70 per share. The Company has the right to
redeem the Debentures beginning June 30, 1995. However, the Company may be
required by the holders to redeem the Debentures prior to June 30, 1995 if the
Company does not satisfy certain conditions during a merger, consolidation, or
sale of substantially all of its assets or if the Company does not meet certain
net worth covenants. The Debentures are subordinated to the Company's
capitalized lease obligations, trade credit and any indebtedness resulting from
utilization of any lines of credit with commercial lenders. The Company has
reserved 2.2 million shares of common stock for issuance upon conversion of the
Debentures.


<PAGE>


NOTE 5   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS:

QUALIFIED INVESTMENT PLAN

In January 1987, the Company adopted a Section 401(k) Plan (the Plan) which
allows participants to contribute up to 15% of eligible earnings to the Plan.
The Plan permits discretionary matching contributions by the Company on behalf
of the participant. Matching contributions were made by the Company and amounted
to $32,000, $91,000 and $313,000 in fiscal 1994, fiscal 1993 and fiscal 1992,
respectively.

EMPLOYEE STOCK PURCHASE PLAN

The Company has reserved 1.5 million shares of common stock for issuance
pursuant to an Employee Stock Purchase Plan adopted in 1986 (the Purchase Plan).
The Purchase Plan allows qualified employees to purchase shares of Common Stock
at a price equal to the lower of the fair market value at the beginning or
ending of each 6 month purchase period for each two year offering period.
Purchases are limited to 10% of an employee's annual compensation and may not
exceed 500 shares per purchase period. Through June 30, 1994, 1,025,517 shares
had been issued under the Purchase Plan.

NOTE 6   CAPITAL STOCK:

CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK

Each share of Series A convertible preferred stock may be converted into one
share of common stock, subject to adjustment under certain circumstances. At
June 30, 1994 there are 258,621 shares of common stock reserved for issuance
upon conversion of all preferred stock. Shares of preferred stock may be voted
equally with shares of common stock based upon the number of common shares into
which each preferred share is convertible. No dividend or distribution is
payable to common stock unless it is made equally to preferred stock based upon
the then effective conversion rate. Upon liquidation, holders of Series A
preferred stock are entitled to receive a preferential amount equal to $4.64 per
share, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, before any distributions may be
made to holders of common shares.

WARRANTS

In conjunction with the issuance of the 8.5% Convertible Promissory Notes, the
Company issued warrants for the purchase of 25,000 shares of common stock at
$7.28 per share to the placement agent and 16,216 shares of common stock at
$4.64 per share to a bank that provides the Company with a line of credit. The
warrants expire on July 16, 1997. The Company reserved 41,216 shares of common
stock for issuance upon exercise of the warrants.

STOCK OPTION PLANS

In January 1985, the Company adopted its 1985 Stock Option Plan (the "1985
Plan") which provides for the granting of incentive stock options and
non-qualified stock options to officers, employees and consultants of the
company. Incentive stock options are granted at an amount not less than fair
market value. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance
pursuant to the 1985 Plan is 17,200,000. Options generally vest over four years.
Option terms may not exceed ten years from the date of grant and unexercised
options generally expire upon termination of employment. The 1985 Plan expires
in January 1995. An amended and restated plan will be proposed for adoption by
the Stockholders at the Company's November 1994 Annual Meeting.


<PAGE>

<TABLE>
The 1985 Plan activities for the three years ended June 30, 1994 are summarized
below:

<CAPTION>


                                                          Shares                       Options Outstanding
                                                          available
                                                          for grant             Shares                Price per share
                                                        -------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                                     <C>                  <C>                 <C>
Balance at June 30, 1991                                 1,414,612            6,767,647          $  3.00 - $16.00
Additional shares authorized                             1,000,000                 --
Options granted                                         (1,774,350)           1,774,350          $  8.00 - $12.375
Options canceled                                         1,182,773           (1,182,773)         $  5.50 - $12.25
Options exercised, net of repurchases                         --             (1,744,921)         $  3.00 - $11.50
                                                        ----------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1992                                 1,823,035            5,614,303          $  5.50 - $16.00

Options granted                                         (4,494,235)           4,494,235          $  3.125- $ 6.25
Options canceled                                         4,809,074           (4,809,074)         $  3.375- $16.00
Options exercised, net of repurchases                      (10,564)                              $  5.50 - $ 5.50
                                                        ----------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1993                                 2,137,874            5,288,900          $  3.125- $9.75

Options granted                                         (1,577,350)           1,577,350          $  4.00 - $6.250
Options canceled                                         1,325,149           (1,325,149)         $  3.125- $8.250
Options exercised, net of repurchases                         --               (700,679)         $  3.125- $5.50
                                                        ----------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1994                                 1,885,673            4,840,422          $  3.125- $9.75
                                                        ==========================================================

</TABLE>

In March 1988, the Company adopted the 1988 Non-qualified Stock Option Plan for
Outside Directors (the "Directors' Plan"), which provides for the granting of
non-qualified stock options to directors of the Company who are not employees of
the Company. The plan was amended in November 1993 to increase share reserves,
extend option grant terms and modify grant provisions. Options must have an
exercise price equal to the fair market value of the shares of the common stock
on the date of grant, vest over a four year period and expire ten years after
the date of grant. The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance
pursuant to the exercise of options is 350,000 shares.


<TABLE>
The Directors Plan activities for the three years ended June 30, 1994 are
summarized below:

<CAPTION>
                                                                            Options Outstanding
                                            Shares                 ------------------------------------      
                                            available                                     Price
                                            for grant              Shares                per Share
                                            -----------------------------------------------------------      
<S>                                         <C>                    <C>               <C>
Balance at June 30, 1991                     110,000                63,333           $11.00    - $21.75

Options granted                              (10,000)               10,000           $13.125
Options canceled                              30,000               (30,000)          $11.25    - $21.75
                                            -----------------------------------------------------------      
Balance at June 30, 1992                     130,000                43,333           $11.00    - $21.75

Options granted                              (50,000)               50,000            $4.063   - $4.375
                                            -----------------------------------------------------------      
Balance at June 30, 1993                     80,000                 93,333            $4.063   - $21.75

Options granted                             (90,000)                90,000            $4.00    - $5.75
Options canceled                              53,333               (53,333)           $4.063   - $11.25
Additional shares authorized                150,000                    -                 -
                                            -----------------------------------------------------------
Balance at June 30, 1994                    193,333                130,000            $4.00    - $21.75
                                            ===========================================================           
</TABLE>
 
<PAGE>

STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS PLAN

On August 1, 1989, the Company adopted a Stockholder Rights Plan that provides
for the issuance of rights to holders of the Company's common stock, which will
entitle the holders of such rights to purchase stock of the Company or of an
acquiring entity at a discounted price in the event of certain efforts to
acquire control of the Company that have not been approved by the Company's
Board of Directors.

NOTE 7   INCOME TAXES:

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 1994, the Company resolved a number of tax
issues and as a result, recorded a tax benefit of $2.2 million related to taxes
which were previously provided. Since the Company had net operating losses as of
the beginning of the year, there is no provision for income taxes in the current
year. The Company had utilized all of its net operating loss carryback, and
accordingly, recorded no tax benefits for fiscal 1993. The fiscal 1992 income
tax benefit of $19.9 million results primarily from the federal tax benefit
derived by carrying back losses to offset federal taxes paid in prior periods.



The significant components of deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
follows:

                                             Year ended June 30,

(In thousands)                               1994             1993
                                        ---------------------------
Net operating loss carryforwards        $  20,759        $  17,985
Inventory and related reserves              3,150            5,811
Depreciation                                1,540            1,876
Restructuring                               1,085            3,151
Other                                       2,968            3,098
                                        ---------------------------
Gross deferred tax asset                   29,502           31,921
Valuation allowance                       (29,252)         (30,804)
                                        ---------------------------
Net deferred tax asset                        250            1,117
                                        ---------------------------
Amortization                                  --              (745)
Other                                        (250)            (372)
                                        ---------------------------
Gross deferred tax liability                 (250)          (1,117)
                                        ---------------------------
                                        $     --         $      --
                                        =========        ==========


The decrease in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets of $1.6 million
is attributable to the reduction in gross deferred tax assets. The Company has
established valuation allowances as the realizability of net deferred assets is
uncertain.

At June 30, 1994 the Company had net loss carryforwards of approximately $46
million for both federal and state income tax purposes expiring through Fiscal
2009. No benefit for the loss carryforwards has been recognized in the financial
statements.

NOTE 8   RESTRUCTURING COSTS:

During fiscal 1993 and 1992, the Company recorded restructuring charges of $23.2
million and $9.1 million, respectively. The restructuring charges included
consolidation of facilities, severance costs related to headcount reduction,
disposal of fixed assets and discontinuation of the Company's M/PAX(R) product
line, X86 microprocessor products, systems business, networking products and
future development of stand-alone multimedia products.

In September 1993, the Company entered into an agreement to sell the Company's
system business, networking products and a portion of its multimedia products
technology to Techfarm, Inc., the principals of which are a director and two
former officers of the Company. Techfarm acquired these assets from the Company
for $1.7 million, comprising $100,000 in cash and a two year promissory note for
$1.6 million. In addition, Techfarm assumed up to $1 million of liabilities. In
March 1994, the promissory note was restructured to provide that the Techfarm
subsidiaries operating the systems business are the principals on the note, with

<PAGE>

Techfarm as guarantor. During the third quarter fiscal 1994, the Company
received the first of four scheduled semiannual payments of $0.4 million, which
is included in current year income. Income will be recorded if the note is
realized through future cash collection.

On September 16, 1993, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the
lessor of certain buildings previously occupied by the Company. Consideration
for the settlement, comprising a cash payment of $5.5 million and a promissory
note of $1 million, was charged against the restructuring reserve provided in
fiscal 1993.


<TABLE>
The following table summarizes the status of these restructuring reserves at
June 30, 1994:

<CAPTION>
(In thousands)                                Consolidations of     Fixed Asset       Product          Reduction of
                                             Operations & Other      Disposals    Discontinuation        Workforce            Total
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                                              <C>                <C>               <C>               <C>               <C>  
Provision for restructuring                           4,100               953             1,640             2,438             9,131
Charges against reserves                               (758)             (953)           (1,619)             (858)           (4,188)
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accrued restructuring

balance at 6/30/92                                    3,342              --                  21             1,580             4,943

Provision for restructuring                           7,912             5,357             6,146             3,856            23,271
Charges against reserves                             (3,118)           (5,357)           (4,014)           (1,950)          (14,439)
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accrued restructuring

balance at 6/30/93                                    8,136              --               2,153             3,486            13,775

Collection of note receivable                          --                --                (372)             --                (372)
Charges against reserves                             (6,694)             --              (1,781)           (3,386)          (11,861)
                                             ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Accrued restructuring

balance at 6/30/94                                $   1,442          $   --           $   --             $   100           $  1,542
                                             =======================================================================================

</TABLE>



ITEM 9.  CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH INDEPENDENT AUDITORS ON ACCOUNTING 
         AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

None

                                    PART III

ITEM 10.  DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE  OFFICERS OF THE  REGISTRANT

Information  concerning  directors is  incorporated  by reference  from the
section  entitled  "Nomination and Election of Directors" and  "Compliance  with
Section 16(a) of the  Securities  Exchange Act of 1934" of the Proxy  Statement.
Information  regarding  executive officers of the Company is presented in Part I
of this report.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

Information  required by this item is  incorporated  by reference  from the
section  entitled  "Executive  Compensation  and  Other  Matters"  of the  Proxy
Statement.

<PAGE>

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

Information  required by this item is  incorporated by reference
from the section entitled  "Security  Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management" of the Proxy Statement.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS

Information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the section
entitled "Certain Transactions and Other Relationships" of the Proxy Statement.

                                    PART IV

ITEM 14. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES AND REPORTS ON FORM 8-K

A)   1.  FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

         The consolidated financial statements and notes thereto listed in the
         index on page 16 are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

     2.  FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

         The financial statement schedules listed below are filed as part of
         this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

                                                                            Page
                                                                           -----
II    Amounts Receivable from Employees for the three year period ending
      June 30, 1994.                                                          30
VIII  Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the three year
      period ending June 30, 1994.                                            31

     All other schedules have been omitted since the required information is not
present or not present in material amounts to require submission of the schedule
or because the information  required is included in the  consolidated  financial
statements or notes thereto.

B)       REPORTS ON FORM 8K

         NONE

C)       EXHIBITS

         The exhibits listed in the Index to Exhibits on pages 33 to 34 of this
         report are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10K.


<PAGE>


       REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS ON FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

To the Board of Directors of
Chips and Technologies, Inc.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements referred to in our report
dated July 21, 1994, appearing on page 17 of this document, also included an
audit of the Financial Statement Schedules listed in Item 14(a)(2), of this Form
10-K. In our opinion, these Financial Statement Schedules present fairly, in all
material respects, the information set forth therein when read in conjunction
with the related consolidated financial statements.

/s/ PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
- ------------------------

PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP
San Jose, California
July 21, 1994


<PAGE>


                                                                SCHEDULE II
<TABLE>
                                                 CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                               AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM EMPLOYEES
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS)

<CAPTION>
                                                                     DEDUCTIONS             BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1994
                      BALANCE AT                         -----------------------------    ---------------------------
                        JUNE 30                            AMOUNTS           AMOUNTS
NAME OF DEBTOR           1993           ADDITIONS         COLLECTED        WRITTEN OFF    CURRENT       NOT CURRENT
- --------------           ----           ---------         ---------        -----------    -------       -----------
<S>                   <C>              <C>                <C>              <C>            <C>           <C>
NONE
</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     DEDUCTIONS             BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1993
                      BALANCE AT                         -----------------------------    ---------------------------
                        JUNE 30                            AMOUNTS           AMOUNTS
NAME OF DEBTOR           1992         ADDITIONS(3)        COLLECTED        WRITTEN OFF    CURRENT       NOT CURRENT
- --------------           ----         -----------         ---------        -----------    -------       -----------
<S>                      <C>             <C>               <C>              <C>             <C>           <C>
Marc Jones (1)           $229            $19               $248                 -             -             -
Steven Chan (2)            94              -                 94                 -             -             -
Douglas Peltzer (4)       162              -                  -               162             -             -
                          ---              -                  -               ---             -             -
                         $485            $19               $342              $162            $-            $-

</TABLE>

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                                     DEDUCTIONS             BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 1992
                      BALANCE AT                         -----------------------------    ---------------------------
                        JUNE 30                            AMOUNTS           AMOUNTS
NAME OF DEBTOR           1991        ADDITIONS(3)         COLLECTED        WRITTEN OFF    CURRENT       NOT CURRENT
- --------------           ----        ------------         ---------        -----------    -------       -----------
<S>                      <C>             <C>               <C>               <C>           <C>           <C>
Keith Lobo                $25             $2                 -                $27             -             -
Marc Jones (1)            238             18                 -                 27           229             -
James Ferry                80              6                 -                 86             -             -
Steven Chan (2)           126             10                 -                 42            34            60
Douglas Peltzer (4)       215             16                 -                 69            62           100
                          ---             --                 -               ----          -----           ---
                         $684            $52                $-               $251          $325          $160
<FN>

(1) The Company extended a loan to Mr. Jones for the purchase of shares of
common stock under the 1985 Stock Option Plan. This full recourse note bore
interest at a rate of 9.5% per annum and was payable the earlier of termination
of employment or February 1990. In February 1990, 1991 and 1992, Mr. Jones' note
was renewed at an interest rate of 8%. In February 1993, the balance of $240,000
was renewed at an interest rate of 5% upon Mr. Jones' voluntary termination of
employment. The outstanding balance of $248,000 at June 30, 1993 was
reclassified to accounts receivable and was paid in full in fiscal 1994.

(2) The $150,000 note from Mr. Chan was for a period of five years. One fifth of
the principal (and all accrued interest thereon) was forgiven for each year of
continued service to the Company. The balance was paid in full in July 1992 upon
Mr. Chan's voluntary termination of employment.

(3) Interest earned.

(4) The $200,000 note from Mr. Peltzer was for a period of four years and bore
interest at a rate of 9.5% per annum. One fourth of the principal (and all
accrued interest thereon) was forgiven for each year of continued service to the
Company. The remaining principal (and all accrued interest thereon) was forgiven
in July 1992 in accordance with Mr.Peltzer's severance agreement.


</TABLE>

<PAGE>


                                                               SCHEDULE VIII
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

                                                 CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                               VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS)

                                  Balance at        Charged to
                                   beginning         costs and          Accounts       Recovery from     Balance at
                                     of year          expenses       written-off     reserve account    end of year
                                  ----------        ----------       --------------  ----------------   ------------
<S>                                  <C>               <C>              <C>                 <C>             <C>
Allowance for doubtful accounts:

Year ended June 30, 1994              $1,463              $676              $870               $-            $1,269
Year ended June 30, 1993               2,377             1,079             1,993                -             1,463
Year ended June 30, 1992               2,338               457               318             100              2,377


Reserve for inventory:

Year ended June 30, 1994             $16,270            $1,228            $7,809(1)             -            $9,689
Year ended June 30, 1993               7,669             9,242               641(1)             -            16,270
Year ended June 30, 1992               6,577            24,011            22,919(1)             -             7,669

<FN>
(1) Represents inventories previously reserved that were scrapped or physically
disposed.


</TABLE>

<PAGE>


                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

                                                   CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                                   By /s/   JAMES F. STAFFORD
                                                   -----------------------------
                                                            James F. Stafford
                                           President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the date indicated.

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>

        Signature                                Title                                       Date
- ------------------------             ----------------------------------------         ------------------
<S>                                  <C>                                              <C>
/s/   GORDON A. CAMPBELL             Chairman of the Board of Directors               September 22, 1994
- ------------------------
Gordon A. Campbell

/s/   JAMES F. STAFFORD              President and Chief Executive Officer            September 22, 1994
- ------------------------                  and Director
James F. Stafford

/s/   TIMOTHY R. CHRISTOFFERSEN      Vice President and Chief Financial Officer       September 22, 1994
- -------------------------------       (Principal Financial & Accounting Officer)
Timothy R. Christoffersen


/s/   GENE P. CARTER                 Director                                         September 22, 1994
- ---------------------
Gene P. Carter

/s/   BERNARD V. VONDERSCHMITT       Director                                         September 22, 1994
- ------------------------------
Bernard V. Vonderschmitt

/s/   HENRI A. JARRAT                Director                                         September 22, 1994
- ----------------------
Henri A. Jarrat

</TABLE>

<PAGE>


                                                    INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit

Number
Description

3.1           (2)  Amended Certificate of Incorporation of Chips and
                   Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation.

3.2           (7)  Restated By-laws of Chips and Technologies, Inc., a Delaware
                   corporation.

3.3           (4)  Certificate of Designation, Preferences and Rights of the
                   Terms of the Series A Preferred Stock filed with the State of
                   Delaware on May 20, 1993.

4.1           (1)  Stockholders' Rights Agreement dated August 23, 1989.

4.2           (7)  Registration Rights Agreement dated October 10, 1985 and
                   amendment thereto dated January 24, 1986.

10.1          (3)* Amended and Restated 1985 Stock Option Plan, as amended
                   November 5, 1991.

10.2          (4)* Amended and Restated Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as
                   amended July 27, 1992.

10.3          (4)  Lease Termination Agreement and related exhibit between the
                   Company and The Equitable Life Assurance Society dated
                   September 10, 1993.

10.4          (2)* Amended and Restated Qualified Investment Plan dated
                   January 1, 1989.

10.5          (6)* First Amended 1988 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan for
                   Outside Directors dated October 1, 1993.

10.6          (4)* Promissory Note to the Company from Marc E. Jones dated
                   February 3, 1993.

10.7          (2)  Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Company and each of
                   its directors and executive officers.

10.8          (4)* Confidential Termination Agreement and General Release of
                   Claims between the Company and Ravi Bhatnagar dated
                   December 18, 1992.

10.9          (4)* Confidential Termination Agreement and General Release of
                   Claims between the Company and Nancy S. Dusseau, dated
                   September 1, 1993.

10.10         (4)* Confidential Termination Agreement and General Release of 
                   Claims between the Company and Jeffrey H. Grammer, dated 
                   September 2, 1993.

10.11         (4)* Confidential Termination Agreement and General Release of 
                   Claims between the Company and Gary P. Martin, dated 
                   April 19, 1993.

10.12         (5)* Confidential Resignation and Consulting Agreement and 
                   General Release of Claims between the Company and 
                   Gordon A. Campbell dated September 30, 1993.

10.13         (4)  Convertible Promissory Notes and Preferred Stock Purchase 
                   Agreement dated as of July 16, 1992.

10.14         (4)  Amendment to Convertible Promissory Notes and Preferred Stock
                   Purchase Agreement.


<PAGE>
                        INDEX TO EXHIBITS ( CONTINUED )

Exhibit

Number
Description

10.15        (4)  Form of Convertible Subordinated Debentures Due June 30, 2002.

10.16        (4)  Amendment to 8 1/2% Convertible Subordinated Debentures Due, 
                  June 30, 2002

10.17        (5)  Agreement for Sale and Purchase of Assets between 
                  Techfarm, Inc. and Chips and Technologies, Inc.,
                  dated September 24, 1993.

10.18             Restated Secured Promissory Note, Secured Continuing 
                  Guarantee, and Restated Loan and Security Agreement between 
                  Techfarm, Inc. and Chips and Technologies, Inc. dated 
                  March 31, 1994.

10.19        *    Promissory note to the Company from Keith Angelo dated 
                  August 1, 1994.

10.20        *    Independent Contractor Services Agreement between the Company 
                  and Henri Jarrat dated August 11, 1994.

11.1              Statement re: Calculation of Earnings (Loss) Per Share.

22.1              Proxy Statement for the Registrant's Annual Meeting of 
                  Stockholders to be held on November 10, 1994.

27.0              Financial Data Schedule for the year ended June 30, 1994.




(1)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K 
         for the year ended June 30, 1989.

(2)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K 
         for the year ended June 30, 1990.

(3)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K 
         for the year ended June 30, 1992.

(4)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K 
         for the year ended June 30, 1993.

(5)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on 
         Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 1993.

(6)      Incorporated by reference to the Company's Quarterly Report on 
         Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 1994.

(7)      Incorporated by reference to Registration Statement No. 33-8005 
         effective October 8, 1986.

*        Denotes management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements
         covering executive officers or directors of Chips and Technologies,
         Inc.


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3.1
<SEQUENCE>2
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
<TEXT>

                    CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

                                  OF

                     CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.



      FIRST:    The name of the Corporation is Chips and Technologies, Inc.
(hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Corporation").

      SECOND:  The address of the  registered  office of the  Corporation in the
State of Delaware is Corporation  Trust Center,  1209 Orange Street, in the City
of Wilmington,  County of New Castle.  The name of the registered  agent at that
address is The Corporation Trust Company.

     THIRD:  The  purpose of the  Corporation  is to engage in any lawful act or
activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General  Corporation
Law of Delaware.

     FOURTH:
     A. The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the Corporation
shall have authority to issue is forty million (40,000,000), consisting of:

           (1) Five million (5,000,000) shares of Preferred Stock, par value one
cent ($.01) per share (the "Preferred Stock"); and

           (2)  thirty-five  million  (35,000,000)  shares of Common Stock,  par
value one cent ($.01) per share (the "Common Stock").

      B. The  Board of  Directors  is  authorized,  subject  to any  limitations
prescribed by law, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred  Stock
in series,  and by filing a certificate  pursuant to the  applicable  law of the
State of  Delaware,  to  establish  from time to time the number of shares to be
included in each such series, and to fix the designation,  powers,  preferences,
and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations
or restrictions  thereon. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may
be  increased  or  decreased  (but not below the number of shares  thereof  then
outstanding) by the affirmative  vote of the holders of a majority of the Common
Stock,  without a vote of the holders of the Preferred  Stock,  or of any series
thereof,  unless  a  vote  of any  such  holders  is  required  pursuant  to the
certificate or certificates establishing the series of Preferred Stock.

      FIFTH: The following provisions are inserted for the management of the
business and the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and for further
definition,
<PAGE>

limitation and regulation of the powers of the Corporation and of
its directors and stockholders:

      A. The  business  and  affairs of the  Corporation  shall be managed by or
under the  direction  of the Board of  Directors.  In addition to the powers and
authority  expressly  conferred  upon them by Statute or by this  Certificate of
Incorporation  or the  By-Laws  of the  Corporation,  the  directors  are hereby
empowered  to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be
exercised or done by the Corporation.

      B. The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written ballot
unless the By-Laws so provide.

      C. After the closing  date of the first sale of the  Corporation's  Common
Stock pursuant to a firmly underwritten  registered public offering,  any action
required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be
effected  at a duly  called  annual or special  meeting of  stockholders  of the
Corporation  and  may  not be  effected  by  any  consent  in  writing  by  such
stockholders.  Prior to such sale, unless otherwise  provided by law, any action
which may  otherwise  be taken at any meeting of the  stockholders  may be taken
without a meeting and without prior notice, if a written consent describing such
action is signed by the holders of  outstanding  shares having not less than the
minimum  number of votes  which would be  necessary  to  authorize  or take such
action at a meeting at which all shares  entitled to vote  thereon  were present
and voted.

      D. Special  meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only
by the Board of Directors  pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the
total number of authorized  directors  (whether or not there exist any vacancies
in  previously  authorized  directorships  at the time any  such  resolution  is
presented to the Board for adoption).

      SIXTH:

      A. The number of directors shall initially be three and, thereafter, shall
be fixed from time to time  exclusively by the Board of Directors  pursuant to a
resolution  adopted by a majority of the total  number of  authorized  directors
(whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships
at the time any such  resolution  is presented to the Board for  adoption).  The
directors  shall be elected at each annual meeting of  shareholders,  but if any
annual  meeting is not held,  or the  directors  are not  elected  thereat,  the
directors  may be elected at any special  meeting of the  shareholders  held for
that purpose.  All directors  shall hold office until the expiration of the term
for which elected, and until their respective successors are elected,  except in
the case of the death, resignation, or removal of any director.

      B. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of  Preferred  Stock
then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the
authorized  number of  directors  or any  vacancies  in the  Board of  Directors
resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from

<PAGE>

office or other  cause may be filled  only by a majority  vote of the  directors
then in office  though less than a quorum,  and  directors  so chosen shall hold
office  for a term  expiring  at the next  annual  meeting of  stockholders.  No
decrease in the number of directors  constituting  the Board of Directors  shall
shorten the term of any incumbent director.

      C. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of  Preferred  Stock
then  outstanding,  any  directors,  or the entire  Board of  Directors,  may be
removed  from  office  at any  time,  with or  without  cause,  but  only by the
affirmative  vote of the holders of at least a majority  of the voting  power of
all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation  entitled
to vote  generally in the  election of  directors,  voting  together as a single
class.

      SEVENTH:  The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or
repeal By-laws of the Corporation.  Any adoption, amendment or repeal of By-laws
of the  Corporation  by the Board of Directors  shall  require the approval of a
majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist
any vacancies in previously authorized  directorships at the time any resolution
providing  for  adoption,  amendment or repeal is  presented to the Board).  The
stockholders  shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the By-laws of the
Corporation.  In  addition  to any vote of the holders of any class or series of
stock  of  this   Corporation   required  by  law  or  by  this  Certificate  of
Incorporation,  the  affirmative  vote of the holders of at least  sixty-six and
two-thirds  percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then outstanding
shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors,  voting together as a single class,  shall be required to
adopt, amend or repeal any provisions of the By-laws of the Corporation.

      EIGHTH: A director of this Corporation  shall not be personally  liable to
the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty as a director,  except for liability  (i) for any breach of the  director's
duty of  loyalty  to the  corporation  or its  stockholders,  (ii)  for  acts or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law,  (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware  General  Corporation
Law, or (iv) for any  transaction  from which the  director  derived an improper
personal benefit.

      If the Delaware General  Corporation Law is hereafter amended to authorize
the further  elimination or limitation of the liability of a director,  then the
liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the
fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended.

      Any repeal or  modification  of the  foregoing  provisions of this Article
EIGHTH by the  stockholders  of the Corporation  shall not adversely  affect any
right or  protection  of a director of the  Corporation  existing at the time of
such repeal or modification.

      NINTH: The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the "Board"), when
evaluating any offer of another party, (a) to make a tender or exchange offer

<PAGE>

for any Voting Stock of the  Corporation (as defined in Article SIXTH) or (b) to
effect any merger,  consolidation,  or sale of all or  substantially  all of the
assets  of the  Corporation,  shall,  in  connection  with the  exercise  of its
judgment in determining  what is in the best  interests of the  Corporation as a
whole,  be  authorized  to give due  consideration  to such factors as the Board
determines to be relevant, including, without limitation:

     (i)   the interests of the Corporation's stockholders;

     (ii)  whether the proposed transaction might violate federal or state laws;

     (iii) not only the consideration being offered in the proposed transaction,
in relation to the then current market price for the  outstanding  capital stock
of the  Corporation,  but also to the market price for the capital  stock of the
Corporation  over a period of years,  the estimated price that might be achieved
in a negotiated sale of the Corporation as a whole or in part or through orderly
liquidation,  the  premiums  over  market  price  for the  securities  of  other
corporations  in similar  transactions,  current  political,  economic and other
factors bearing on securities prices and the Corporation's  financial  condition
and future prospects; and

      (iv) the social,  legal and economic  effects upon  employees,  suppliers,
customers and others having similar relationships with the Corporation,  and the
communities in which the Corporation conducts its business.

      In connection with any such evaluation, the Board is authorized to conduct
such  investigations  and to engage in such legal  proceedings  as the Board may
determine.

      TENTH: The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision
contained in this Certificate of  Incorporation in the manner  prescribed by the
laws of the State of Delaware and all rights  conferred  upon  stockholders  are
granted subject to this reservation;  provided,  however, that,  notwithstanding
any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law
which might  otherwise  permit a lesser vote or no vote,  but in addition to any
vote of the  holders  of any class or  series  of the stock of this  Corporation
required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of
the  holders  of  at  least   66-2/3%  of  the  voting   power  of  all  of  the
then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall
be required to amend or repeal this Article  ELEVENTH,  Article  FIFTH,  Article
SEVENTH, Article EIGHTH or Article NINTH.

      ELEVENTH:     The name and mailing address of the sole incorporator are as
follows:

      Name                            Mailing Address

      Marta L. Morando                400 Hamilton Avenue
                                      Palo Alto, California 94301



<PAGE>

     I, THE UNDERSIGNED,  being the  incorporator,  for the purpose of forming a
corporation  under the laws of the State of Delaware,  do make,  file and record
this Certificate of  Incorporation,  do certify that the facts herein stated are
true, and accordingly, have hereto set my hand this 25th day of July 1986.


                                                  ______________________________
                                                  Marta L. Morando


<PAGE>


                     CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.,

                        A DELAWARE CORPORATION

                                BY-LAWS


                               ARTICLE I
                             STOCKHOLDERS

    Section 1. Annual Meeting.  An annual meeting of the  stockholders,  for the
election  of  directors  to  succeed  those  whose  terms  expire  and  for  the
transaction  of such other  business as may  properly  come before the  meeting,
shall be held at such  place,  on such  date,  and at such  time as the Board of
Directors  shall  each year fix,  which  date  shall be within  thirteen  months
subsequent to the later of the date of  incorporation or the last annual meeting
of stockholders.

    Section 2. Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the stockholders,  for any
purpose or purposes  prescribed  in the notice of the meeting,  may be called by
either the Board of Directors or by the holders of not less than twenty  percent
(20%) of all of the shares  entitled  to cast votes at the  meeting and shall be
held at such place, on such date, and at such time as they shall fix,  provided,
however,  that such  special  meeting  date shall not be earlier than sixty (60)
days  after the date on which  such  meeting  was  called,  unless  the Board of
Directors  agrees on an earlier date.  Business  transacted at special  meetings
shall be confined to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice.

    Section 3. Notice of Meetings.  Written notice of the place,  date, and time
of all meetings of the  stockholders  shall be given, not less than ten (10) nor
more than sixty (60) days before the date on which the meeting is to be held, to
each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting,  except as otherwise provided
herein or required by law (meaning, here and hereinafter,  as required from time
to  time  by  the  Delaware  General  Corporation  Law  or  the  Certificate  of
Incorporation of the Corporation).

      When a meeting is adjourned to another place, date or time, written notice
need not be given of the adjourned  meeting if the place,  date and time thereof
are  announced  at the  meeting  at which the  adjournment  is taken;  provided,
however, that if the date of any adjourned meeting is more than thirty (30) days
after the date for which the meeting was originally  noticed, or if a new record
date is fixed for the adjourned meeting,  written notice of the place, date, and
time of the  adjourned  meeting shall be given in  conformity  herewith.  At any
adjourned  meeting,  any  business  may be  transacted  which  might  have  been
transacted at the original meeting.

    Section 4.  Quorum.  At any  meeting of the  stockholders,  the holders of a
majority  of all of the  shares of the stock  entitled  to vote at the  meeting,
present  in person or by proxy,  shall  constitute  a quorum  for all  purposes,
unless or except to the  extent  that the  presence  of a larger  number  may be
required by law.


<PAGE>

      If a quorum shall fail to attend any meeting,  the chairman of the meeting
or the  holders of a majority  of the shares of stock  entitled  to vote who are
present,  in person or by proxy, may adjourn the meeting to another place, date,
or time.

      If a notice of any adjourned  special  meeting of  stockholders is sent to
all  stockholders  entitled to vote  thereat,  stating that it will be held with
those present  constituting a quorum,  then except as otherwise required by law,
those  present at such  adjourned  meeting  shall  constitute a quorum,  and all
matters shall be determined by a majority of the votes cast at such meeting.

    Section 5. Conduct of the  Stockholders'  Meeting.  At every  meeting of the
stockholders,  the  Chairman,  if  there  is such  an  officer,  or if not,  the
President of the Corporation, or in his absence the Vice President designated by
the President,  or in the absence of such designation any Vice President,  or in
the absence of the  President  or any Vice  President  a chairman  chosen by the
majority of the voting shares  represented  in person or by proxy,  shall act as
Chairman.  The  Secretary  of the  Corporation  or a  person  designated  by the
Chairman shall act as Secretary of the meeting. Unless otherwise approved by the
Chairman,  attendance at the Stockholders' Meeting is restricted to stockholders
of record,  persons  authorized in accordance with Section 8 of these By-Laws to
act by proxy, and officers of the corporation.

    Section 6.  Conduct of  Business.  The  Chairman  shall call the  meeting to
order,  establish  the  agenda,  and  conduct  the  business  of the  meeting in
accordance  therewith  or, at the  Chairman's  discretion,  it may be  conducted
otherwise in accordance with the wishes of the stockholders in attendance.

      The Chairman shall also conduct the meeting in an orderly manner,  rule on
the precedence of, and procedure on, motions and other procedural  matters,  and
exercise  discretion with respect to such  procedural  matters with fairness and
good faith  toward all those  entitled  to take part.  The  Chairman  may impose
reasonable limits on the amount of time taken up at the meeting on discussion in
general or on remarks by any one  stockholder.  Should any person in  attendance
become unruly or obstruct the meeting  proceedings,  the Chairman shall have the
power to have such person removed from participation.  Notwithstanding  anything
in the By-Laws to the  contrary,  no business  shall be  conducted  at an annual
meeting except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 6 and
Section 7, below. The Chairman of an annual meeting shall, if the facts warrant,
determine  and declare to the meeting that  business  was not  properly  brought
before the meeting and in accordance  with the  provisions of this Section 6 and
Section 7, and if he should so determine, he shall so declare to the meeting and
any  such  business  not  properly  brought  before  the  meeting  shall  not be
transacted.

    Section 7. Notice of Stockholder  Business.  At an annual or special meeting
of the  stockholders,  only such business  shall be conducted as shall have been
properly  brought before the meeting.  To be properly  brought before a meeting,
business  must be (a)  specified  in the  notice of meeting  (or any  supplement
thereto)  given by or at the direction of the Board of  Directors,  (b) properly
brought before the meeting by or at the direction of the Board of Directors,  or
(c) if an annual meeting, properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder

<PAGE>

and (d) if a special  meeting,  if, and only if, the notice of a special meeting
provides for business to be brought before the meeting by stockholders  and such
business is properly brought before the meeting by a stockholder.

      For business to be properly brought before a meeting by a stockholder, the
stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of
the Corporation.  To be timely,  a stockholder's  notice must be delivered to or
mailed and received at the principal  executive  offices of the  Corporation not
less than ninety (90) days prior to the meeting; provided,  however, that in the
event that less than one hundred  (100) days' notice or prior public  disclosure
of the  date of the  meeting  is given or made to  stockholders,  notice  by the
stockholder  to be  timely  must be so  received  not  later  than the  close of
business on the 10th day  following  the day on which such notice of the date of
the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure was made.

      A stockholder's  notice to the Secretary shall set forth as to each matter
the  stockholder  proposes  to  bring  before  the  annual  meeting  (a) a brief
description of the business  desired to be brought before the annual meeting and
the reasons for conducting such business at the annual meeting, (b) the name and
address, as they appear on the Corporation's books, of the stockholder proposing
such business,  (c) the class and number of shares of the Corporation  which are
beneficially  owned by the  stockholder,  and (d) any  material  interest of the
stockholder in such business. Stockholder resolutions shall be no more than five
hundred (500) words in length.

      No resolution shall be put before the stockholders:

      (a)  which is not a proper subject for action by stockholders under
Delaware law;

      (b)  which is obstructive, frivolous, dilatory or repugnant to good taste;

      (c)  which contains any false or misleading statements;

      (d) which relates to the redress of a personal claim or grievance  against
the  Corporation  or any other  person,  or if it is  designated  to result in a
benefit or interest that is not shared by the stockholders at large;

      (e) which relates to  operations  which account for less than five percent
of the Corporation's total assets at the end of its most recent fiscal year, and
for less than five  percent  of its net  earnings  and gross  sales for its most
recent  fiscal  year,  and  is  not  otherwise   significantly  related  to  the
corporation's business;

      (f)  which deals with a matter beyond the Corporation's power to
effectuate;

      (g)  which deals with a matter relating to conduct of the ordinary
business operations of the Corporation;


<PAGE>

      (h)  which is counter to or substantially duplicative of a proposal to be
submitted by the Corporation at the meeting;

      (i) if the proposal deals with  substantially the same subject matter as a
prior proposal  submitted to stockholders in the  Corporation's  proxy statement
and a form of proxy  related to any annual or  special  meeting of  stockholders
held within the preceding five calendar years, it may be omitted from the agenda
of any meeting of stockholders held within three calendar years after the latest
such submission, provided that:

           (i) if the  proposal was  submitted  at only one meeting  during such
preceding  period,  it received  less than five  percent of the total  number of
votes cast in regard thereto; or

           (ii) if the proposal was  submitted at only two meetings  during such
preceding  period,  it received at the time of its second  submission  less than
eight percent of the total number of votes cast in regard thereto; or

           (iii)if the prior  proposal was  submitted at three or more  meetings
during such preceding  period,  it received at the time of its latest submission
less than ten percent of the total number of votes cast in regard thereto.

      Section 8.Proxies and Voting.  At any meeting of the  stockholders,  every
stockholder  entitled  to vote may vote in person or by proxy  authorized  by an
instrument in writing filed in accordance with the procedure established for the
meeting. No stockholder may authorize more than one proxy for his shares.

      Each stockholder  shall have one vote for every share of stock entitled to
vote which is  registered in his or her name on the record date for the meeting,
except as otherwise provided herein or required by law.

      All voting,  including on the election of directors  but  excepting  where
otherwise required by law, may be by a voice vote; provided,  however, that upon
demand  therefor by a stockholder  entitled to vote or his or her proxy, a stock
vote shall be taken.  Every stock vote shall be taken by ballots,  each of which
shall  state  the  name of the  stockholder  or  proxy  voting  and  such  other
information as may be required under the procedure  established for the meeting.
Every vote taken by ballots  shall be  counted  by an  inspector  or  inspectors
appointed by the chairman of the meeting.

      All elections  shall be  determined by a plurality of the votes cast,  and
except as otherwise  required by law, all other matters shall be determined by a
majority of the votes cast.

    Section 9. Stock List. A complete list of  stockholders  entitled to vote at
any meeting of  stockholders,  arranged in alphabetical  order for each class of
stock and showing the address of each such  stockholder and the number of shares
registered  in his or her  name,  shall be open to the  examination  of any such
stockholder,  for any purpose germane to the meeting,  during ordinary  business
hours for a period of at least ten (10) days prior to the meeting, either at a

<PAGE>

place  within the city where the  meeting is to be held,  which  place  shall be
specified in the notice of the  meeting,  or if not so  specified,  at the place
where the meeting is to be held.

      The stock list shall also be kept at the place of the  meeting  during the
whole time thereof and shall be open to the examination of any such  stockholder
who is present.  This list shall  presumptively  determine  the  identity of the
stockholders  entitled  to vote at the  meeting and the number of shares held by
each of them.


                              ARTICLE II
                          BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    Section 1.  Number and Term of Office.

      A. The number of directors shall initially be four and, thereafter,  shall
be fixed from time to time  exclusively by the Board of Directors  pursuant to a
resolution  adopted by a majority of the total  number of  authorized  directors
(whether or not there exist any vacancies in previously authorized directorships
at the time any such resolution is presented to the Board for adoption).

      B. The directors  shall be divided into three classes,  as nearly equal in
number as  reasonably  possible,  with the term of office of the first  class to
expire at the 1992  annual  meeting of  stockholders,  the term of office of the
second class to expire at the 1991 annual meeting of  stockholders  and the term
of  office  of  the  third  class  to  expire  at the  1990  annual  meeting  of
stockholders.  At each annual  meeting of  stockholders  following  such initial
classification  and  election,  directors  shall be  elected  to  succeed  those
directors  whose  terms  expire  for a term of  office  to  expire  at the third
succeeding  annual meeting of stockholders  after their election.  All directors
shall hold office until the expiration of the term for which elected,  and until
their  respective  successors  are  elected,  except  in the case of the  death,
resignation, or removal of any director.

      C. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of  Preferred  Stock
then outstanding, newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the
authorized  number of  directors  or any  vacancies  in the  Board of  Directors
resulting from death, resignation,  retirement,  disqualification or other cause
(other than removal from office by a vote of stockholders) may be filled only by
a quorum,  and  directors  so chosen  shall hold office for a term expire at the
annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which
they  have  been  elected  expires.  No  decrease  in the  number  of  directors
constituting  the Board of  Directors  shall  shorten the term of any  incumbent
director.

      D. Subject to the rights of the holders of any series of  Preferred  Stock
then  outstanding,  any  directors,  or the entire  Board of  Directors,  may be
removed  from  office  at any  time,  with or  without  cause,  but  only by the
affirmative  vote of the holders of at least a majority  of the voting  power of
all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation  entitled
to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single

<PAGE>

class.  Vacancies in the Board of Directors  resulting  from such removal may be
filled by (i) a majority  of the  directors  then in office,  though less than a
quorum,  or (ii) the  stockholders  at a  special  meeting  of the  stockholders
properly  called for that  purpose,  by the vote of the holders of a majority of
the shares entitled to vote at such special  meeting.  Directors so chosen shall
hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of  stockholders  at which
the term of office of the class to which they have been elected expires.

    Section 2. Vacancies and Newly Created Directorships.  Subject to the rights
of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock then outstanding,  newly created
directorships  resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors
or any vacancies in the Board of Directors  resulting  from death,  resignation,
retirement, disqualification or other cause (other than removal from office by a
vote of the shareholders) may be filled only by a majority vote of the directors
then in office,  though less than a quorum,  and  directors so chosen shall hold
office for a term expiring at the annual  meeting of  stockholders  at which the
term of office of the class to which they have been elected expires. No decrease
in the number of directors constituting the Board of Directors shall shorten the
term of any incumbent director.

    Section 3.  Removal.  Subject to the rights of the  holders of any series of
Preferred  Stock  then  outstanding,  any  directors,  or the  entire  Board  of
Directors,  may be removed from office at any time,  with or without cause,  but
only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting
power of all of the then-outstanding  shares of capital stock of the Corporation
entitled to vote  generally in the election of directors,  voting  together as a
single class.  Vacancies in the Board of Directors  resulting  from such removal
may be filled by (i) a majority  of the  directors  then in office,  though less
than a quorum, or (ii) the stockholders at a special meeting of the shareholders
properly  called for that  purpose,  by the vote of the holders of a majority of
the shares entitled to vote at such special  meeting.  Directors so chosen shall
hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders.

    Section 4.  Regular  Meetings.  Regular  meetings of the Board of  Directors
shall be held at such place or places,  on such date or dates,  and at such time
or times as shall have been established by the Board of Directors and publicized
among all directors. A notice of each regular meeting shall not be required.

    Section 5. Special Meetings.  Special meetings of the Board of Directors may
be called by  one-third  of the  directors  then in  office  (rounded  up to the
nearest  whole  number) or by the chief  executive  officer and shall be held at
such  place,  on such  date,  and at such time as they or he or she  shall  fix.
Notice of the place,  date, and time of each such special meeting shall be given
each director by whom it is not waived by mailing  written notice not fewer than
five (5) days before the meeting or by telegraphing or personally delivering the
same not fewer than twenty-four (24) hours before the meeting.  Unless otherwise
indicated in the notice  thereof,  any and all business may be  transacted  at a
special meeting.


<PAGE>

    Section 6. Quorum.  At any meeting of the Board of Directors,  a majority of
the total  number of  authorized  directors  shall  constitute  a quorum for all
purposes.  If a quorum  shall fail to attend any  meeting,  a majority  of those
present may adjourn the meeting to another place, date, or time, without further
notice or waiver thereof.

    Section 7. Participation in Meetings by Conference Telephone. Members of the
Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may participate in a meeting of
such  Board  or   committee  by  means  of   conference   telephone  or  similar
communications  equipment  by means of which all  persons  participating  in the
meeting can hear each other and such participation  shall constitute presence in
person at such meeting.

    Section 8.  Conduct of Business.  At any meeting of the Board of  Directors,
business shall be transacted in such order and manner as the Board may from time
to time determine, and all matters shall be determined by the vote of a majority
of the directors  present,  except as otherwise  provided  herein or required by
law.  Action  may be taken by the Board of  Directors  without a meeting  if all
members  thereof  consent  thereto in writing,  and the writing or writings  are
filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors.

    Section 9. Powers.  The Board of Directors may, except as otherwise required
by law,  exercise  all such  powers  and do all such  acts and  things as may be
exercised or done by the Corporation, including, without limiting the generality
of the foregoing, the unqualified power:

           (1)  To declare dividends from time to time in accordance with law;

           (2)  To purchase or otherwise acquire any property, rights or
privileges on such terms as it shall determine;

           (3) To authorize the creation,  making and issuance,  in such form as
it  may  determine,   of  written  obligations  of  every  kind,  negotiable  or
non-negotiable,  secured  or  unsecured,  and  to do  all  things  necessary  in
connection therewith;

           (4) To remove any officer of the  Corporation  with or without cause,
and from time to time to devolve the powers and duties of any  officer  upon any
other person for the time being;

           (5) To  confer  upon any  officer  of the  Corporation  the  power to
appoint, remove and suspend subordinate officers, employees and agents;

           (6) To adopt from time to time such stock,  option,  stock  purchase,
bonus or other compensation plans for directors,  officers, employees and agents
of the Corporation and its subsidiaries as it may determine;

           (7) To adopt from time to time such insurance,  retirement, and other
benefit plans for directors,  officers,  employees and agents of the Corporation
and its subsidiaries as it may determine; and


<PAGE>

           (8) To adopt from time to time  regulations,  not  inconsistent  with
these by-laws, for the management of the Corporation's business and affairs.

    Section 10.  Compensation  of Directors.  Directors,  as such,  may receive,
pursuant  to  resolution  of the  Board  of  Directors,  fixed  fees  and  other
compensation  for their services as directors,  including,  without  limitation,
their services as members of committees of the Board of Directors.

    Section  11.  Nomination  of Director  Candidates.  Subject to the rights of
holders of any class or series of Preferred Stock then outstanding,  nominations
for the election of  Directors  may be made by the Board of Directors or a proxy
committee appointed by the Board of Directors or by any stockholder  entitled to
vote in the election of Directors  generally.  However, any stockholder entitled
to vote in the election of Directors  generally may nominate one or more persons
for  election  as  Directors  at  a  meeting  only  if  timely  notice  of  such
stockholder's  intent to make such  nomination or nominations  has been given in
writing to the  Secretary  of the  Corporation.  To be timely,  a  stockholder's
notice must be delivered to or mailed and  received at the  principal  executive
offices of the Corporation not fewer than ninety (90) days prior to the meeting;
provided,  however,  that in the event that less than one  hundred  (100)  days'
notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting is given or made to
stockholders,  notice by the  stockholder  to be timely  must be so  received no
later than the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such
notice of the date of the meeting was mailed or such public disclosure was made.
Each such notice  shall set forth:  (a) the name and address of the  stockholder
who intends to make the nomination and of the person or persons to be nominated;
(b) a representation  that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the
Corporation  entitled to vote for the  election of Directors on the date of such
notice and  intends to appear in person or by proxy at the  meeting to  nominate
the  person  or  persons  specified  in the  notice;  (c) a  description  of all
arrangements or understandings  between the stockholder and each nominee and any
other person or persons  (naming  such person or persons)  pursuant to which the
nomination  or  nominations  are to be made by the  stockholder;  (d) such other
information  regarding  each nominee  proposed by such  stockholder  as would be
required to be included in a proxy  statement  filed pursuant to the proxy rules
of the Securities and Exchange  Commission,  had the nominee been nominated,  or
intended to be nominated, by the Board of Directors; and (e) the consent of each
nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation if so elected.

      In the  event  that  a  person  is  validly  designated  as a  nominee  in
accordance with this Section 11 and shall thereafter  become unable or unwilling
to stand for election to the Board of  Directors,  the Board of Directors or the
stockholder  who  proposed  such  nominee,  as the case may be, may  designate a
substitute nominee upon delivery,  not fewer than five days prior to the date of
the  meeting  for the  election  of such  nominee,  of a  written  notice to the
Secretary  setting forth such information  regarding such substitute  nominee as
would have been  required  to be  delivered  to the  Secretary  pursuant to this
Section 11 had such  substitute  nominee been  initially  proposed as a nominee.
Such  notice  shall  include  a signed  consent  to serve as a  Director  of the
Corporation, if elected, of each such substitute nominee.


<PAGE>

      If the chairman of the meeting for the  election of  Directors  determines
that a nomination  of any  candidate  for election as a Director at such meeting
was not made in accordance  with the  applicable  provisions of this Section 11,
such nomination shall be void; provided,  however,  that nothing in this Section
11 shall be deemed to limit any voting  rights upon the  occurrence  of dividend
arrearages  provided to holders of  Preferred  Stock  pursuant to the  Preferred
Stock designation for any series of Preferred Stock.


                              ARTICLE III
                              COMMITTEES

    Section 1. Committees of the Board of Directors.  The Board of Directors, by
a vote a majority of the whole Board, may from time to time designate committees
of the  Board,  with such  lawfully  delegable  powers  and duties as it thereby
confers,  to serve at the pleasure of the Board and shall,  for those committees
and any others  provided  for herein,  elect a director or directors to serve as
the member or members,  designating, if it desires, other directors as alternate
members who may replace any absent or disqualified  member at any meeting of the
committee.  Any committee so designated  may exercise the power and authority of
the Board of Directors to declare a dividend, to authorize the issuance of stock
or to adopt a certificate of ownership and merger pursuant to Section 253 of the
Delaware  General  Corporation  Law  if  the  resolution  which  designates  the
committee  or a  supplemental  resolution  of the  Board of  Directors  shall so
provide.  In the absence or  disqualification of any member of any committee and
any  alternate  member in his place,  the  member or  members  of the  committee
present at the meeting and not  disqualified  from voting,  whether or not he or
she or they constitute a quorum, may by unanimous vote appoint another member of
the Board of  Directors  to act at the  meeting  in the  place of the  absent or
disqualified member.

    Section 2. Conduct of Business.  Each committee may determine the procedural
rules for  meeting  and  conducting  its  business  and shall act in  accordance
therewith,  except as  otherwise  provided  herein or required by law.  Adequate
provision shall be made for notice to members of all meetings;  one-third of the
authorized  members shall constitute a quorum unless the committee shall consist
of one or two members,  in which event one member shall constitute a quorum; and
all matters  shall be  determined  by a majority  vote of the  members  present.
Action may be taken by any  committee  without a meeting if all members  thereof
consent  thereto in  writing,  and the  writing or  writings  are filed with the
minutes of the proceedings of such committee.


                              ARTICLE IV
                               OFFICERS

    Section 1.  Generally.  The officers of the  Corporation  shall consist of a
President,  one or more Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other
officers  as may from  time to time be  appointed  by the  Board  of  Directors.
Officers  shall be elected by the Board of Directors,  which shall consider that
subject at its first meeting after every annual  meeting of  stockholders.  Each
officer shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or
until his or her earlier resignation or removal. The President shall be a member

<PAGE>

of the Board of Directors. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.

    Section 2. President.  The President shall be the chief executive officer of
the Corporation. Subject to the provisions of these by-laws and to the direction
of the Board of  Directors,  he or she  shall  have the  responsibility  for the
general  management  and control of the business and affairs of the  Corporation
and shall perform all duties and have all powers which are commonly  incident to
the office of chief  executive or which are delegated to him or her by the Board
of  Directors.  He or she  shall  have  power  to sign all  stock  certificates,
contracts and other  instruments  of the  Corporation  which are  authorized and
shall have  general  supervision  and  direction  of all of the other  officers,
employees and agents of the Corporation.

    Section 3. Vice  President.  Each Vice President  shall have such powers and
duties as may be  delegated  to him or her by the Board of  Directors.  One Vice
President  shall be  designated  by the Board to perform the duties and exercise
the  powers  of  the  President  in the  event  of the  President's  absence  or
disability.

    Section  4.  Treasurer.  The  Treasurer  shall have the  responsibility  for
maintaining  the financial  records of the Corporation and shall have custody of
all  monies  and  securities  of the  Corporation.  He or she  shall  make  such
disbursements of the funds of the Corporation as are authorized and shall render
from  time to time an  account  of all such  transactions  and of the  financial
condition of the Corporation. The Treasurer shall also perform such other duties
as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.

    Section 5. Secretary.  The secretary shall issue all authorized notices for,
and  shall  keep,  or  cause  to  be  kept,  minutes  of  all  meetings  of  the
stockholders,  the  Board  of  Directors,  and all  committees  of the  Board of
Directors.  He or she shall have charge of the corporate books and shall perform
such other duties as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.

    Section 6. Delegation of Authority.  The Board of Directors may from time to
time  delegate  the  powers or duties of any  officer to any other  officers  or
agents, notwithstanding any provision hereof.

    Section 7.  Removal.  Any officer of the  Corporation may be removed at any
time, with or without cause, by the Board of Directors.

    Section 8. Action With Respect to Securities of Other  Corporations.  Unless
otherwise  directed by the Board of  Directors,  the President or any officer of
the  Corporation  authorized  by the  President  shall  have  power  to vote and
otherwise  act on behalf  of the  Corporation,  in  person  or by proxy,  at any
meeting of  stockholders of or with respect to any action of stockholders of any
other corporation in which this Corporation may hold securities and otherwise to
exercise any and all rights and powers which this Corporation may possess by

<PAGE>

reason of its ownership of securities in such other corporation.


                               ARTICLE V
                                 STOCK

    Section 1.  Certificates of Stock.  Each stockholder  shall be entitled to a
certificate  signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by, the President or a
Vice President, and by the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, or the Treasurer
or an Assistant Treasurer,  certifying the number of shares owned by him or her.
Any of or all the signatures on the certificate may be facsimile.

    Section 2.  Transfers  of Stock.  Transfers of stock shall be made only upon
the transfer books of the Corporation kept at an office of the Corporation or by
transfer agents  designated to transfer shares of the stock of the  Corporation.
Except where a certificate  is issued in accordance  with Section 4 of Article V
of these by-laws,  an outstanding  certificate for the number of shares involved
shall be  surrendered  for  cancellation  before  a new  certificate  is  issued
therefor.

    Section 3. Record Date. The Board of Directors may fix a record date,  which
shall not be more than  sixty nor  fewer  than ten days  before  the date of any
meeting  of  stockholders,  nor more than  sixty  days prior to the time for the
other action  hereinafter  described,  as of which there shall be determined the
stockholders  who are  entitled:  to  notice  of or to vote  at any  meeting  of
stockholders or any adjournment  thereof; to express consent to corporate action
in writing  without a  meeting;  to receive  payment  of any  dividend  or other
distribution or allotment of any rights;  or to exercise any rights with respect
to any change,  conversion  or  exchange  of stock or with  respect to any other
lawful action.

    Section 4. Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event of the loss,
theft or destruction of any  certificate of stock,  another may be issued in its
place  pursuant to such  regulations  as the Board of  Directors  may  establish
concerning proof of such loss, theft or destruction and concerning the giving of
a satisfactory bond or bonds of indemnity.

    Section 5. Regulations. The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of
certificates  of stock shall be governed by such other  regulations as the Board
of Directors may establish.


                              ARTICLE VI
                                NOTICES

      Section  1.Notices.  Except as otherwise  specifically  provided herein or
required by law, all notices required to be given to any stockholder,  director,
officer,  employee  or agent  shall be in writing  and may in every  instance be
effectively given by hand delivery to the recipient thereof, by depositing such

<PAGE>

notice in the mails, postage paid, or by sending such notice by prepaid telegram
or mailgram.  Any such notice shall be addressed to such stockholder,  director,
officer,  employee or agent at his or her last known address as the same appears
on the books of the Corporation. The time when such notice shall be deemed to be
given shall be the time such notice is received by such  stockholder,  director,
officer,  employee or agent, or by any person accepting such notice on behalf of
such person, if hand delivered, or dispatched, if delivered through the mails or
by telegram or mailgram.

    Section 2. Waivers. A written waiver of any notice, signed by a stockholder,
director,  officer,  employee or agent,  whether before or after the time of the
event for which notice is to be given,  shall be deemed equivalent to the notice
required to be given to such stockholder,  director, officer, employee or agent.
Neither the  business nor the purpose of any meeting need be specified in such a
waiver.


                              ARTICLE VII
                             MISCELLANEOUS

    Section 1.  Facsimile  Signatures.  In addition to the provisions for use of
facsimile  signatures  elsewhere  specifically   authorized  in  these  by-laws,
facsimile  signatures of any officer or officers of the  Corporation may be used
whenever and as authorized by the Board of Directors or a committee thereof.

    Section 2.  Corporate  Seal.  The Board of Directors  may provide a suitable
seal, containing the name of the Corporation,  which seal shall be in the charge
of the  Secretary.  If and  when so  directed  by the  Board of  Directors  or a
committee thereof,  duplicates of the seal may be kept and used by the Treasurer
or by an Assistant Secretary or Assistant Treasurer.

    Section 3. Reliance Upon Books,  Reports and Records.  Each  director,  each
member of any committee  designated by the Board of Directors,  and each officer
of the Corporation  shall, in the performance of his duties,  be fully protected
in relying  in good  faith  upon the books of  account  or other  records of the
Corporation,  including  reports made to the Corporation by any of its officers,
by an independent certified public accountant,  or by an appraiser selected with
reasonable care.

    Section 4.  Fiscal Year.  The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be as
fixed by the Board of Directors.

    Section 5. Time  Periods.  In applying any  provision of these by-laws which
require  that an act be done or not done a specified  number of days prior to an
event or that an act be done during a period of a specified number of days prior
to an event,  calendar days shall be used, the day of the doing of the act shall
be excluded, and the day of the event shall be included.

<PAGE>

                             ARTICLE VIII
               INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

    Section 1. Right to Indemnification.  Each person who was or is made a party
or is  threatened  to be made a party to or is involved  in any action,  suit or
proceeding,   whether   civil,   criminal,   administrative   or   investigative
("proceeding"),  by  reason of the fact that he or she or a person of whom he or
she is the legal  representative,  is or was a director,  officer or employee of
the  Corporation  or is or was  serving at the request of the  Corporation  as a
director, officer or employee of another corporation, or of a partnership, joint
venture,  trust or other enterprise,  including service with respect to employee
benefit  plans,  whether the basis of such  proceeding  is alleged  action in an
official  capacity as a director,  officer or employee or in any other  capacity
while serving as a director,  officer or employee, shall be indemnified and held
harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware Law, as
the same  exists  or may  hereafter  be  amended  (but,  in the case of any such
amendment,  only to the extent that such  amendment  permits the  Corporation to
provide broader  indemnification  rights than said Law permitted the Corporation
to provide prior to such  amendment)  against all  expenses,  liability and loss
(including attorneys' fees,  judgments,  fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties,
amounts  paid  or to be paid in  settlement  and  amounts  expended  in  seeking
indemnification  granted to such person under applicable law, this by-law or any
agreement with the Corporation)  reasonably  incurred or suffered by such person
in connection therewith and such  indemnification  shall continue as to a person
who has ceased to be a  director,  officer or  employee  and shall  inure to the
benefit of his or her heirs,  executors and administrators;  provided,  however,
that,  except as provided in Section 2 of this  Article  VIII,  the  Corporation
shall indemnify any such person seeking  indemnity in connection with an action,
suit or  proceeding  (or part  thereof)  initiated  by such  person only if such
action,  suit or  proceeding  (or part  thereof) was  authorized by the board of
directors  of the  Corporation.  Such right shall be a contract  right and shall
include the right to be paid by the Corporation  expenses  incurred in defending
any such  proceeding  in advance of its final  disposition;  provided,  however,
that, if the Delaware General  Corporation Law then so requires,  the payment of
such expenses incurred by a director or officer of the Corporation in his or her
capacity  as a  director  or  officer  (and not in any other  capacity  in which
service  was or is  rendered  by  such  person  while  a  director  or  officer,
including,  without limitation,  service to an employee benefit plan) in advance
of the final disposition of such proceeding, shall be made only upon delivery to
the Corporation of an undertaking,  by or on behalf of such director or officer,
to repay all amounts so advanced if it should be determined ultimately that such
director or officer is not  entitled  to be  indemnified  under this  Section or
otherwise.

    Section 2. Right of Claimant to Bring  Suit.  If a claim under  Section 1 of
this Article VIII is not paid in full by the Corporation within twenty (20) days
after a written claim has been received by the Corporation,  the claimant may at
any time  thereafter  bring suit against the  Corporation  to recover the unpaid
amount of the claim and, if such suit is not  frivolous or brought in bad faith,
the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of  prosecuting  such
claim. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to
enforce a claim for expenses  incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of
its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any, has been tendered

<PAGE>

to this  Corporation)  that the  claimant  has not met the  standards of conduct
which make it permissible  under the Delaware  General  Corporation  Law for the
Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed,  but the burden of
proving such  defense  shall be on the  Corporation.  Neither the failure of the
Corporation (including its Board of Directors, independent legal counsel, or its
stockholders)  to have made a  determination  prior to the  commencement of such
action  that  indemnification  of the  claimant  is proper in the  circumstances
because he or she has met the  applicable  standard  of conduct set forth in the
Delaware General Corporation Law, nor an actual determination by the Corporation
(including  its  Board  of  Directors,   independent   legal  counsel,   or  its
stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct,
shall be a defense to the action or create a  presumption  that claimant has not
met the applicable standard of conduct.

    Section 3.  Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any person in
Sections 1 and 2 shall not be  exclusive  of any other right which such  persons
may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of
Incorporation,   by-law,   agreement,  vote  of  stockholders  or  disinterested
directors or otherwise.

    Section 4. Indemnification  Contracts.  The board of directors is authorized
to enter into a contract  with any director,  officer,  employee or agent of the
Corporation,  or any person  serving  at the  request  of the  Corporation  as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,  partnership, joint
venture, trust or other enterprise,  including employee benefit plans, providing
for  indemnification  rights  equivalent  to or,  if the board of  directors  so
determinates, greater than, those provided for in this Article VIII.

    Section 5. Insurance. The Corporation shall maintain insurance to the extent
reasonably  available,  at its expense, to protect itself and any such director,
officer,   employee  or  agent  of  the  Corporation  or  another   corporation,
partnership,  joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any such expense,
liability  or loss,  whether  or not the  Corporation  would  have the  power to
indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the Delaware
General Corporation Law.

    Section 6. Effect of Amendment. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any
provision  of this  Article VIII by the  stockholders  and the  directors of the
Corporation  shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or
officer of the  Corporation  existing at the time of such  amendment,  repeal or
modification.


                              ARTICLE IX
                              AMENDMENTS

      The Board of Directors is  expressly  empowered to adopt,  amend or repeal
By-Laws of the Corporation.  Any adoption, amendment or repeal of By-Laws of the
Corporation  by the Board of Directors  shall require the approval of a majority
of the total  number of  authorized  directors  (whether  or not there exist any
vacancies in  previously  authorized  directorships  at the time any  resolution
providing for adoption, amendment or repeal is presented to the Board). The

<PAGE>

stockholders  shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the By-Laws of the
Corporation.  In  addition  to any vote of the holders of any class or series of
stock of this Corporation  required by law or by these By-Laws,  the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 percent of the voting power of all of the
then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall
be  required  to adopt,  amend or repeal any  provisions  of the  By-Laws of the
Corporation.


<PAGE>


                       CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY

      I hereby certify:

      That I am the duly elected and acting Secretary of Chips and Technologies,
 Inc., a Delaware corporation; and

      That the foregoing By-Laws  comprising  thirty (30) pages,  constitute the
original  By-Laws of said  corporation as duly adopted by the unanimous  written
consent of the directors of the corporation.

      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  I have hereunder  subscribed my name and affixed the
seal of said corporation this 11th day of September, 1986.


                                      -------------------------
                                      Gary P. Martin, Secretary




<PAGE>
                            CERTIFICATE OF AMENDMENT
                                       OF
                          CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                       OF
                          CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                            (A Delaware Corporation)


Chips  and  Technologies,   Inc.,  organized  and  existing  under  the  General
Corporation  Law of the  state of  Delaware  (the  "Corporation"),  does  hereby
certify:

      FIRST: The Corporation has not received any payment for any of its stock.

      SECOND:  The amendment to the  Corporation's  Certificate of Incorporation
      set  forth in the  following  resolution  approved  by a  majority  of the
      Corporation's  Board of Directors was duly adopted in accordance  with the
      provisions of Section 241 of the General  Corporation  Law of the state of
      Delaware:

      "RESOLVED,  that the  Certificate of  Incorporation  of the corporation be
      amended by striking the currently  effective  Certificate of Incorporation
      in its  entirety  and  replacing  it  with  the  Restated  Certificate  of
      Incorporation attached hereto as Exhibit A."

      IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF,  Chips  and  Technologies,   Inc.  has  caused  this
Certificate  to be signed and attested by its duly  authorized  officers on this
11th day of September, 1986.

                                      CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                      A Delaware Corporation


                                      By:______________________________
                                          Gordon A. Campbell, President

ATTEST:


By:_____________________________
       Gary P. Martin, Secretary


<PAGE>


                                AMENDED
                     CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                  OF
                     CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


      FIRST:  The name of the Corporation is Chips and Technologies, Inc.
(hereinafter sometimes referred to as the "Corporation").

      SECOND:  The address of the  registered  office of the  Corporation in the
State of Delaware is Corporation  Trust Center,  1209 Orange Street, in the City
of Wilmington,  County of New Castle.  The name of the registered  agent at that
address is The Corporation Trust Company.

     THIRD:  The  purpose of the  Corporation  is to engage in any lawful act or
activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General  Corporation
Law of Delaware.

      FOURTH:

           A.   The total number of shares of all classes of stock which the
Corporation shall have authority to issue is forty million (40,000,000),
consisting of:

                (1) five  million  (5,000,000)  shares of Preferred  Stock,  par
value one cent ($.01) per share (the "Preferred Stock"); and

                (2) thirty-five million (35,000,000) shares of Common Stock, par
value one cent ($.01) per share (the "Common Stock").

           B. The Board of Directors is authorized,  subject to any  limitations
prescribed by law, to provide for the issuance of the shares of Preferred  Stock
in series,  and by filing a certificate  pursuant to the  applicable  law of the
State of  Delaware,  to  establish  from time to time the number of shares to be
included in each such series, and to fix the designation,  powers,  preferences,
and rights of the shares of each such series and any qualifications, limitations
or restrictions  thereon. The number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock may
be  increased  or  decreased  (but not below the number of shares  thereof  then
outstanding) by the affirmative  vote of the holders of a majority of the Common
Stock,  without a vote of the holders of the Preferred  Stock,  or of any series
thereof,  unless  a  vote  of any  such  holders  is  required  pursuant  to the
certificate or certificates establishing the series of Preferred Stock.

      FIFTH:  The following  provisions  are inserted for the  management of the
business  and the  conduct of the  affairs of the  Corporation,  and for further
definition,  limitation and regulation of the powers of the  Corporation  and of
its directors and stockholders:


<PAGE>

           A. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or
under the  direction  of the Board of  Directors.  In addition to the powers and
authority  expressly  conferred  upon them by Statute or by this  Certificate of
Incorporation  or the  By-Laws  of the  Corporation,  the  directors  are hereby
empowered  to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be
exercised or done by the Corporation.

           B.   The directors of the Corporation need not be elected by written
ballot unless the By-Laws so provide.

           C.  After the  closing  date of the first  sale of the  Corporation's
Common Stock pursuant to a firmly underwritten  registered public offering,  any
action required or permitted to be taken by the  stockholders of the Corporation
must be effected at a duly called annual or special  meeting of  stockholders of
the  Corporation  and may not be  effected  by any  consent  in  writing by such
stockholders.  Prior to such sale, unless otherwise  provided by law, any action
which may  otherwise  be taken at any meeting of the  stockholders  may be taken
without a meeting and without prior notice, if a written consent describing such
action is signed by the holders of  outstanding  shares having not less than the
minimum  number of votes  which would be  necessary  to  authorize  or take such
action at a meeting at which all shares  entitled to vote  thereon  were present
and voted.

           D. Special  meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called
only  (1) by the  Board of  Directors  pursuant  to a  resolution  adopted  by a
majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist
any  vacancies  in  previously  authorized  directorships  at the  time any such
resolution  is presented to the Board for adoption) or (2) by the holders of not
less than twenty  percent  (20%) of all of the shares  entitled to cast votes at
the meeting.

      SIXTH:

           A. The number of directors shall initially be three and,  thereafter,
shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board of Directors  pursuant
to a  resolution  adopted  by a  majority  of the  total  number  of  authorized
directors  (whether or not there exist any  vacancies in  previously  authorized
directorships  at the time any such  resolution  is  presented  to the Board for
adoption).   The  directors   shall  be  elected  at  each  annual   meeting  of
shareholders,  but if any annual  meeting is not held,  or the directors are not
elected  thereat,  the  directors  may be elected at any special  meeting of the
shareholders  held for that purpose.  All directors  shall hold office until the
expiration of the term for which elected, and until their respective  successors
are  elected,  except in the case of the death,  resignation,  or removal of any
director.

           B.  Subject to the rights of the  holders of any series of  Preferred
Stock then outstanding,  newly created directorships resulting from any increase
in the authorized number of directors or any vacancies in the Board of Directors
resulting from death, resignation,  retirement,  disqualification or other cause
(other than  removal  from office by a vote of the  stockholders)  may be filled
only by a majority vote of the directors then in office though less than a


<PAGE>

quorum,  and  directors so chosen  shall hold office for a term  expiring at the
next annual  meeting of  stockholders.  No  decrease in the number of  directors
constituting  the Board of  Directors  shall  shorten the term of any  incumbent
director.

           C.  Subject to the rights of the  holders of any series of  Preferred
Stock then outstanding,  any directors, or the entire Board of Directors, may be
removed  from  office  at any  time,  with or  without  cause,  but  only by the
affirmative  vote of the holders of at least a majority  of the voting  power of
all of the then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation  entitled
to vote  generally in the  election of  directors,  voting  together as a single
class.  Vacancies in the Board of Directors  resulting  from such removal may be
filled by the stockholders as provided in Article Sixth, Section A above or by a
majority of the directors then in office,  though less than a quorum.  Directors
so chosen shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders.

      SEVENTH:  The Board of Directors is expressly empowered to adopt, amend or
repeal By-laws of the Corporation.  Any adoption, amendment or repeal of By-laws
of the  Corporation  by the Board of Directors  shall  require the approval of a
majority of the total number of authorized directors (whether or not there exist
any vacancies in previously authorized  directorships at the time any resolution
providing  for  adoption,  amendment or repeal is  presented to the Board).  The
stockholders  shall also have power to adopt, amend or repeal the By-laws of the
Corporation.  In  addition  to any vote of the holders of any class or series of
stock  of  this   Corporation   required  by  law  or  by  this  Certificate  of
Incorporation,  the  affirmative  vote of the holders of at least  sixty-six and
two-thirds  percent (66-2/3%) of the voting power of all of the then outstanding
shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors,  voting together as a single class,  shall be required to
adopt, amend or repeal any provisions of the By-laws of the Corporation.

      EIGHTH: A director of this Corporation  shall not be personally  liable to
the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary
duty as a director,  except for liability  (i) for any breach of the  director's
duty of  loyalty  to the  corporation  or its  stockholders,  (ii)  for  acts or
omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing
violation of law,  (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware  General  Corporation
Law, or (iv) for any  transaction  from which the  director  derived an improper
personal benefit.

      If the Delaware General  Corporation Law is hereafter amended to authorize
the further  elimination or limitation of the liability of a director,  then the
liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the
fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended.

      Any repeal or  modification  of the  foregoing  provisions of this Article
EIGHTH by the  stockholders  of the Corporation  shall not adversely  affect any
right or  protection  of a director of the  Corporation  existing at the time of
such repeal or modification.


<PAGE>

      NINTH:  The Board of  Directors of the  Corporation  (the  "Board"),  when
evaluating  any offer of another  party,  (a) to make a tender or exchange offer
for any Voting Stock of the  Corporation (as defined in Article SIXTH) or (b) to
effect any merger,  consolidation,  or sale of all or  substantially  all of the
assets  of the  Corporation,  shall,  in  connection  with the  exercise  of its
judgment in determining  what is in the best  interests of the  Corporation as a
whole,  be  authorized  to give due  consideration  to such factors as the Board
determines to be relevant, including, without limitation:

          (i)  the interests of the Corporation's stockholders;

          (ii) whether the proposed transaction might violate federal or state
                laws;

          (iii)  not  only  the  consideration  being  offered  in the  proposed
transaction,  in relation to the then current  market price for the  outstanding
capital stock of the  Corporation,  but also to the market price for the capital
stock of the Corporation  over a period of years, the estimated price that might
be achieved in a  negotiated  sale of the  Corporation  as a whole or in part or
through orderly  liquidation,  the premiums over market price for the securities
of other corporations in similar transactions,  current political,  economic and
other  factors  bearing on  securities  prices and the  Corporation's  financial
condition and future prospects; and

         (iv) the social, legal and economic effects upon employees,  suppliers,
customers and others having similar relationships with the Corporation,  and the
communities in which the Corporation conducts its business.

      In connection with any such evaluation, the Board is authorized to conduct
such  investigations  and to engage in such legal  proceedings  as the Board may
determine.

      TENTH: The Corporation reserves the right to amend or repeal any provision
contained in this Certificate of  Incorporation in the manner  prescribed by the
laws of the State of Delaware and all rights  conferred  upon  stockholders  are
granted subject to this reservation;  provided,  however, that,  notwithstanding
any other provision of this Certificate of Incorporation or any provision of law
which might  otherwise  permit a lesser vote or no vote,  but in addition to any
vote of the  holders  of any class or  series  of the stock of this  Corporation
required by law or by this Certificate of Incorporation, the affirmative vote of
the  holders  of  at  least   66-2/3%  of  the  voting   power  of  all  of  the
then-outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote
generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall
be  required to amend or repeal  this  Article  TENTH,  Article  FIFTH,  Article
SEVENTH, Article EIGHTH or Article NINTH.

      ELEVENTH: The name and mailing address of the incorporator is

           Marta L. Morando, 400 Hamilton Avenue, Palo Alto, California 94301.

<PAGE>


                          CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATIONS,

                             PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS

                     SERIES A AND SERIES B PREFERRED STOCK

                                       OF

                          CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


      Gordon A. Campbell and Gary P. Martin do hereby certify that:

      1.   They are the duly elected and acting President and Secretary,
respectively, of Chips and Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation.
   
      2.   Pursuant to authority given by said corporation's Certificate of
Incorporation,  the Board of Directors of said  corporation has duly adopted the
following recitals and resolutions:

      WHEREAS, the Certificate of Incorporation of this corporation provides for
a class of its authorized shares known as Preferred Stock,  comprising 5,000,000
shares issuable from time to time in one or more series; and

      WHEREAS,  the Board of Directors of this  corporation is authorized to fix
or alter the rights,  preferences,  privileges,  and restrictions  granted to or
imposed upon any wholly  unissued  series of Preferred  Stock  including but not
limited to the dividend rights, dividend rate, conversion rights, voting rights,
redemption,   and  the  liquidation  preferences,   and  the  number  of  shares
constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or any of them; and

      WHEREAS,  this corporation has not heretofore issued any of such Preferred
Stock,  and it is the  desire of the  Board of  Directors  of this  corporation,
pursuant  to its  authority  as  aforesaid,  to  fix  the  rights,  preferences,
restrictions  and other matters  relating to such series of said Preferred Stock
and the number of shares constituting and the designation of two of such series;

      NOW,  THEREFORE,  BE IT RESOLVED,  that the Board of Directors does hereby
provide  for  the  issue  of  2,660,577  of the  corporation's  Preferred  Stock
designated  as  "Series  A  Preferred   Stock"  and  1,500,000   shares  of  the
corporation's  Preferred Stock designated as "Series B Preferred Stock" and does
hereby fix the rights, privileges,  preferences,  restrictions and other matters
relating  to said  Series A  Preferred  Stock and  Series B  Preferred  Stock as
follows:


<PAGE>
      1. Series A Preferred  Stock.  The initial series of Preferred Stock shall
comprise 2,660,577 shares and shall be designated "Series A Preferred Stock." As
used  herein,   the  terms  "Preferred   Stock"  or  "preferred  stock"  without
designation shall refer to shares of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock or to
shares  of  any  series  and  the  term  "Common   Stock"  shall  refer  to  the
corporation's Common Stock.

      The rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or imposed
on the Series A Preferred Stock are as follows:

           (a)  Dividends.

                1. The holders of outstanding  Series A Preferred Stock shall be
entitled  to receive in any fiscal  year,  when and as  declared by the Board of
Directors,   out  of  any  assets  at  the  time  legally  available   therefor,
distributions  (as  defined  below)  at the rate of $0.06  per share of Series A
Preferred Stock per annum,  before any distribution is paid on the Common Stock.
Each  share of  Preferred  Stock  shall  rank on a parity  with  every  share of
Preferred  Stock,  irrespective of series,  with regard to  distributions at the
respective rates fixed for such series,  and no distributions  shall be declared
or paid or set apart for payment on the Preferred  Stock of any series unless at
the time of a distribution, a distribution shall also be declared or paid or set
apart for  payment,  as the case may be, on the  preferred  stock of each  other
series then  outstanding.  All such  distributions  shall be  declared  pro rata
according to the respective dividend rates of each series. The right to all such
distributions  on the Series A Preferred  Stock shall not be  cumulative  and no
right  shall  accrue  to  holders  of said  shares  by  reason  of the fact that
distributions  on said shares are not declared in any prior year,  nor shall any
undeclared or unpaid  distribution bear or accrue interest.  After distributions
shall have been paid to or declared and set apart upon the Preferred  Stock,  at
the respective rate for each series, for any one fiscal year of the corporation,
if the Board of Directors elects to declare additional  distributions out of any
assets  legally  available  therefor,  such  additional  distributions  shall be
declared on all shares of Preferred  Stock and Common Stock,  with the amount of
such  distribution for each share of Preferred Stock equal to the amount of such
distribution for one share of Common Stock multiplied by the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such share of Preferred  Stock is  convertible as of the
record date fixed for declaration of such distribution.

                2. For  purposes  of this  paragraph  (a),  unless  the  context
otherwise requires,  "distribution"  shall mean the transfer of cash or property
without  consideration,  whether by way of dividend or otherwise,  payable other
than in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of shares of the corporation
(other than  redemptions  set forth in  paragraph  (b) below or  repurchases  of
Common  Stock  held  by  employees  or  consultants  of  the  corporation   upon
termination of their employment or services pursuant to agreements providing for
such repurchase) for cash or property,  including any such transfer, purchase or
redemption by a subsidiary of the corporation.



<PAGE>
           (b)  Redemption.

                1. At any time after  October 31, 1990 upon the  approval of the
Board of Directors, or at such earlier time as may be approved in writing by the
holders of at least a majority of the Series A Preferred  Stock and the Board of
Directors,  the  corporation  may redeem all or a portion,  as specified by such
approval or in such writing, of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred
Stock at the redemption  price set forth in  subparagraph  (b)2 below,  provided
that the  corporation  shall give written  notice (the  "Redemption  Notice") by
mail,  postage  prepaid,  to the holders of the Series A  Preferred  Stock to be
redeemed at least thirty (30) days,  but no more than sixty (60) days,  prior to
the date specified for redemption (the "Redemption Date"). The Redemption Notice
shall be  addressed  to each such  stockholder  at the  address  of such  holder
appearing  on the  books  of the  corporation  or given  by such  holder  to the
corporation  for the purpose of notice,  or if no such address  appears or is so
given,  at the place where the principal  office of the  corporation is located.
The Redemption  Notice shall state the Redemption Date, the Redemption Price (as
hereinafter  defined),  the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock of such
holders to be redeemed and the date of  termination  of the right to convert the
shares of Series A Preferred  Stock of such holder to Common  Stock  pursuant to
paragraph  (e)  hereof  and  shall  call upon such  holder to  surrender  to the
corporation  on the Redemption  Date at the place  designated in the notice such
holder's certificate or certificates  representing the shares to be redeemed. On
or after the Redemption  Date, each holder of shares of Series A Preferred Stock
called for redemption shall surrender the certificate  evidencing such shares to
the  corporation  (except  that such  number of shares  shall be  reduced by the
number of shares which have been  converted  between the date of notice and date
on which the conversion  rights terminate as provided in paragraph (e) below) at
the place  designated in such notice and shall  thereupon be entitled to receive
payment of the Redemption  Price. If less than all of the outstanding  shares of
Series A Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, then the corporation shall redeem a
pro rata portion from each holder of Series A Preferred  Stock  according to the
respective number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder.

                2. The Series A  Preferred  Stock  shall be  redeemed  at a cash
price equal to Sixty-Five  Cents  ($0.65) per share,  together with all declared
and unpaid  dividends to and  including  the  Redemption  Date (the  "Redemption
Price");  provided,  however, that payment of the Redemption Price shall be made
only from funds of the corporation legally available therefor.

                3. Ten days prior to the Redemption Date, the corporation  shall
deposit the  Redemption  Price of all  outstanding  shares of Series A Preferred
Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption  Notice,  and not yet redeemed
or converted,  with a bank or trust company having aggregate capital and surplus
in excess of  $50,000,000  as a trust  fund for the  benefit  of the  respective
holders  of  the  shares   designated  for  redemption  and  not  yet  redeemed.
Simultaneously,  the  corporation  shall  deposit  irrevocable  instruction  and
authority to such bank or trust company to publish the Redemption  Notice (or to
complete such publication if theretofore commenced) and to pay, on and after the

<PAGE>

date fixed for redemption or prior thereto, the Redemption Price of the Series A
Preferred Stock to the holders thereof upon surrender of their certificates. Any
monies deposited by the corporation  pursuant to this  subparagraph (b)3 for the
redemption of shares which are thereafter  converted into shares of Common Stock
pursuant  to  paragraph  (e) hereof no later than the close of  business  on the
fifth day prior to the  Redemption  Date shall be  returned  to the  corporation
forthwith  upon such  conversion.  The  balance of any moneys  deposited  by the
corporation  pursuant  to this  subparagraph  (b)3  remaining  unclaimed  at the
expiration  of two years  following  the  Redemption  Date shall  thereafter  be
returned to this corporation, provided that the stockholder to which such monies
would be payable hereunder shall be entitled, upon proof of its ownership of the
Series A Preferred  Stock and payment of any bond requested by the  corporation,
to receive such monies but without interest from the Redemption Date.

                4. From and after the Redemption  Date (unless  default shall be
made by the  corporation in duly paying the  Redemption  Price in which case all
the rights of the  holders of such  shares  shall  continue)  the holders of the
shares of the Series A Preferred Stock called for redemption shall cease to have
any rights as  stockholders  of the  corporation  except  the right to  receive,
without interest,  the Redemption Price thereof as provided in subparagraph (b)3
above,  and such shares shall not  thereafter  be  transferred  (except with the
consent of the  corporation)  on the books of the  corporation  and shall not be
deemed outstanding for any purpose whatsoever.

                5.  There  shall be no  redemption  of any  shares  of  Series A
Preferred  Stock of the  corporation  where such action would be in violation of
applicable  law,  provided,  however,  that if at any time funds become  legally
available  for  redemption,  such  funds  shall be used to redeem  the  Series A
Preferred Stock.

           (c)  Preference on Liquidation.

                1.    In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the corporation:

                      (i)  The holders of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock
then  outstanding  shall  be  entitled  to be  paid,  out of the  assets  of the
corporation  available  for  distribution  to  its  stockholders,  whether  from
capital, surplus or earnings, before any payment shall be made in respect of the
corporation's  Common  Stock,  an amount equal to  Sixty-Five  Cents ($0.65) per
share of Series A  Preferred  Stock,  plus all  declared  and  unpaid  dividends
thereon to the date fixed for distribution. If, upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the  corporation,  the  assets of the  corporation  available  for
distribution to its stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of all
series of Preferred  Stock,  including  Series A and all other series,  the full
amounts to which they shall be  entitled,  the  holders of the  Preferred  Stock
shall share ratably in any  distribution  of assets  according to the respective
amounts which would be payable in respect of the shares of Preferred  Stock held
by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to said
shares were paid in full.



<PAGE>
                  (ii) After setting apart or paying in full the preferential
amounts  due the holders of the  Preferred  Stock,  the holders of Common  Stock
shall be entitled  to receive an amount  equal to $1.00 per share for each share
of Common Stock held by them. If upon liquidation,  dissolution or winding up of
the corporation, the assets of the corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders  shall be  insufficient  to pay the holders of the Common Stock the
full  amounts to which they shall be  entitled,  the holders of the Common Stock
shall share ratably in any  distribution  of assets  according to the respective
amounts  which  would be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such
distribution  if all amounts payable on or with respect to said shares were paid
in full.

                     (iii)After setting apart or paying in full the preferential
amounts due the holders of the Preferred  Stock and Common Stock,  the remaining
assets of the corporation  available for distribution to  stockholders,  if any,
shall be  distributed to the holders of Preferred  Stock and Common Stock,  with
the amount of such  distribution  for each share of Preferred Stock equal to the
amount of such distribution for each share of Common Stock (each such issued and
outstanding  share of Common Stock  entitling  the holder  thereof to receive an
equal proportion of said remaining assets) multiplied by the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such share of Preferred  Stock is  convertible as of the
date fixed for such distribution.

                2. The merger or  consolidation  of the corporation into or with
another corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
corporation  shall not be deemed to be a liquidation,  dissolution or winding up
of the corporation as those terms are used in this paragraph (c).

                3. In the event of any  voluntary  or  involuntary  liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the corporation,  the corporation shall, within ten
(10) days after the date the Board of Directors  approves such action, or twenty
(20) days prior to any  stockholders'  meeting called to approve such action, or
twenty (20) days after the commencement of any involuntary proceeding, whichever
is  earlier,  give each  holder of shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock  initial
written  notice of the  proposed  action.  Such  initial  written  notice  shall
describe the material terms and conditions of such proposed action,  including a
description  of the stock,  cash and  property  to be received by the holders of
shares of Series A Preferred Stock upon  consummation of the proposed action and
the date of delivery  thereof.  If any material change in the facts set forth in
the initial  notice shall occur,  the  corporation  shall  promptly give written
notice to each  holder of shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock of such  material
change.

                4.  The  corporation  shall  not  consummate  any  voluntary  or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation before the
expiration  of thirty (30) days after the  mailing of the initial  notice or ten
(10) days after the  mailing of any  subsequent  written  notice,  whichever  is
later;  provided that any such 30-day or 10-day period may be shortened upon the
written  consent  of the  holders of all of the  outstanding  shares of Series A
Preferred Stock.


<PAGE>

                5. In the event of any  voluntary  or  involuntary  liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the corporation which will involve the distribution
of assets other than cash,  the  corporation  shall  promptly  engage  competent
independent appraisers to determine the value of the assets to be distributed to
the holders of shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock and the holders of shares of
Common  Stock (it  being  understood  that  with  respect  to the  valuation  of
securities,  the corporation shall engage such appraiser as shall be approved by
the holders of a majority of shares of the  corporation's  outstanding  Series A
Preferred  Stock).  The  corporation  shall,  upon  receipt of such  appraiser's
valuation,  give  prompt  written  notice  to each  holder of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock of the appraiser's valuation.

           (d) Voting. Except as otherwise required by law or by the certificate
of  incorporation  of the  corporation,  the shares of Series A Preferred  Stock
shall be voted equally with the shares of the corporation's  Common Stock at any
annual or special  meeting of  stockholders  of the  corporation,  or may act by
written consent in the same manner as the  corporation's  Common Stock, upon the
following  basis:  each  holder of shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock shall be
entitled to such number of votes for the Series A Preferred Stock held by him on
the record date fixed for such meeting, or on the effective date of such written
consent,  as shall be equal to the whole  number of shares of the  corporation's
Common Stock into which his shares of Series A Preferred  Stock are  convertible
immediately  after the  close of  business  on the  record  date  fixed for such
meeting or the effective date of such written consent.

           (e) Conversion  Rights.  Each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall
be convertible,  at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date
of issuance  of such share and on or before the fifth day prior to a  Redemption
Date established  pursuant to the terms of paragraph (b) hereof (the "Conversion
Period")  into  fully  paid and  non-assessable  shares of  Common  Stock of the
corporation.  Each share shall  automatically  be converted  into fully paid and
non-assessable  shares of Common Stock of the corporation at any time during the
Conversion  Period  immediately upon the closing of a sale of the  corporation's
Common Stock with an aggregate  offering price of at least Five Million  Dollars
($5,000,000)  and an offering price per share of at least Five Dollars  ($5.00),
as adjusted by any stock split, stock dividend or other  recapitalization of the
outstanding  shares  of  Common  Stock,  in an  underwritten  registered  public
offering.  Each share of Series A Preferred  Stock shall be valued at Sixty-Five
Cents   ($0.65)  for  purposes  of  such   optional  or  automatic   conversion,
notwithstanding any accrued but unpaid dividends. The number of shares of Common
Stock into which each share of Series A Preferred  Stock may be converted  shall
be  determined  by dividing the value thereof  ($0.65) by the  Conversion  Price
determined as hereinafter provided in effect at the time of the conversion.

                1. The  Conversion  Price  per  share at which  shares of Common
Stock shall be  initially  issuable  upon  conversion  of any shares of Series A
Preferred  Stock shall be $0.65  subject to  adjustment as provided in paragraph
(f) hereof.


<PAGE>

                2. The  holder of any  shares of  Series A  Preferred  Stock may
exercise the conversion rights during the Conversion Period as to such shares or
any part thereof by delivering to the corporation during regular business hours,
at the  office  of any  transfer  agent  of the  corporation  for the  Series  A
Preferred  Stock, or at the principal office of the corporation or at such other
place as may be designated by the  corporation,  the certificate or certificates
for the shares to be converted,  duly  endorsed for transfer to the  corporation
(if  required by it),  accompanied  by written  notice  stating  that the holder
elects to convert such shares.  Conversion shall be deemed to have been effected
on the date when such  delivery is made,  and such date is referred to herein as
the "Conversion  Date". As promptly as practicable  thereafter,  the corporation
shall  issue  and  deliver  to, or upon the  written  order of  (subject  to any
restrictions  in any  agreement  between the holder and the  corporation),  such
holder,  at  such  office  or  other  place  designated  by the  corporation,  a
certificate  or  certificates  for the number of full shares of Common  Stock to
which  such  holder  is  entitled  and a check  for  cash  with  respect  to any
fractional  interest in a share of Common Stock as provided in subparagraph (e)3
below.  The holder shall be deemed to have become a stockholder of record on the
applicable  Conversion  Date unless the transfer  books of the  corporation  are
closed  on the  date,  in  which  event  he shall  be  deemed  to have  become a
stockholder  of record on the next  succeeding  date on which the transfer books
are open,  but the  Conversion  Price shall be that in effect on the  Conversion
Date.  Upon  conversion  of only a portion  of the  number of shares of Series A
Preferred Stock  represented by a certificate  surrendered  for conversion,  the
corporation shall issue and deliver to, or upon the written order of (subject to
any restrictions in any agreement between the holder and the  corporation),  the
holder of the certificate so surrendered  for conversion,  at the expense of the
corporation,  a new  certificate  covering  the  number  of  shares  of Series A
Preferred  Stock  representing  the  unconverted  portion of the  certificate so
surrendered.  If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten  offering,
such conversion will not be deemed to have occurred until  immediately  prior to
the closing of such sale of securities.

                3. No  fractional  shares  of Common  Stock or  script  shall be
issued upon  conversion of shares of Series A Preferred  Stock. If more than one
share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be surrendered for conversion at any one
time by the same holder, the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion  thereof  shall be computed on the basis of the  aggregate  number of
shares of Series A Preferred  Stock so  surrendered.  Instead of any  fractional
shares of Common Stock which would  otherwise be issuable upon conversion of any
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, the corporation  shall pay a cash adjustment
in respect of such fractional  interest,  the value of which shall be determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

                4. The  corporation  shall pay any and all issue and other taxes
that may be  payable in  respect  of any issue or  delivery  of shares of Common
Stock on conversion of Series A Preferred Stock pursuant hereto. The corporation
shall not,  however,  be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect
of any transfer  involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock in
a name other than that in which the Series A Preferred  Stock so converted  were
registered,  and no such issue or  delivery  shall be made  unless and until the


<PAGE>

person  requesting such issue has paid to the corporation the amount of any such
tax, or has established,  to the satisfaction of the corporation,  that such tax
has been paid.

                5.  The  corporation   shall  at  all  times  reserve  and  keep
available,  out of its  authorized  but unissued  Common  Stock,  solely for the
purpose of effecting the  conversion of the Series A Preferred  Stock,  the full
number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon the conversion of all Series A
Preferred Stock from time to time  outstanding.  The corporation shall from time
to time (subject to obtaining  necessary  director and shareholder  action),  in
accordance  with the laws of the  State of  Delaware,  increase  the  authorized
amount of its Common Stock if at any time the authorized number of shares of its
Common Stock remaining unissued shall not be sufficient to permit the conversion
of all of the  shares  of  convertible  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  at the time
outstanding.

                6.  All  shares  of  Common  Stock  which  may  be  issued  upon
conversion  of the shares of Series A Preferred  Stock will upon issuance by the
corporation be validly issued,  fully paid and  non-assessable and free from all
taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof.

                7. All certificates of the Series A Preferred Stock  surrendered
for conversion shall be appropriately cancelled on the books of the corporation.

           (f)  Adjustment of Conversion Prices.

                1. In case the corporation  shall at any time split or subdivide
the  outstanding  shares of Common Stock, or shall issue a stock dividend on its
outstanding  Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect  immediately  prior to
such  split  or   subdivision   or  the  issuance  of  such  dividend  shall  be
proportionately decreased, and in case the corporation shall at any time combine
the  outstanding  shares  of  Common  Stock,  the  Conversion  Price  in  effect
immediately  prior  to such  combination  shall  be  proportionately  increased,
effective at the close of business on the date of such subdivision,  dividend or
combination, as the case may be.

                2. In case of any capital reorganization or any reclassification
of the  capital  stock of the  corporation  or in case of the  consolidation  or
merger of the corporation with or into another  corporation or the conveyance of
all  or  substantially   all  of  the  assets  of  the  corporation  to  another
corporation,  each  share of  Series  A  Preferred  Stock  shall  thereafter  be
convertible  into the number of shares of stock or other  securities or property
to which a holder of the  number of  shares of Common  Stock of the  corporation
deliverable  upon  conversion  of such Series A Preferred  Stock would have been
entitled upon such reorganization,  reclassification,  consolidation,  merger or
conveyance;  and, in any such case, appropriate adjustment (as determined by the
Board of Directors)  shall be made in the  application of the provisions  herein
set forth with respect to the rights and interests  thereafter of the holders of
the Series A Preferred  Stock,  to the end that the  provisions set forth herein
(including  provisions  with respect to changes in and other  adjustments of the


<PAGE>
Conversion  Price) shall  thereafter be applicable,  as nearly as reasonably may
be, in relation to any share of stock or other property  thereafter  deliverable
upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock.

                3.    In case:

                      (i)  the corporation shall take a record of the holders of
its Common  Stock for the purpose of entitling  them to receive a dividend,  or
any other distribution, payable otherwise than in cash; or

                      (ii) the corporation shall take a record of the holders of
its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of stock of any class or to receive any other rights; or

                      (iii) of any capital reorganization of the corporation,
reclassification  of  the  capital  stock  of  the  corporation  (other  than  a
subdivision  or  combination  of  its  outstanding   shares  of  Common  Stock),
consolidation or merger of the corporation  with or into another  corporation or
conveyance  of all or  substantially  all of the  assets of the  corporation  to
another corporation;

then,  and in any such case,  the  corporation  shall  cause to be mailed to the
transfer agent for the Series A Preferred Stock, and to the holders of record of
the  outstanding  Series A Preferred  Stock, at least ten (10) days prior to the
date hereinafter  specified,  a notice stating the date on which (x) a record is
to be taken for the purpose of such  dividend,  distribution  or rights,  or (y)
such reclassification, reorganization, consolidation, merger or conveyance is to
take place and the date,  if any, is to be fixed,  as of which holders of Common
Stock of record  shall be entitled to exchange  their shares of Common Stock for
securities   or  other   property   deliverable   upon  such   reclassification,
reorganization, consolidation, merger or conveyance.

                4. If the  corporation  shall  issue  any  Additional  Stock (as
defined below) without  consideration or for a consideration per share less than
the  Conversion  Price for the Series A  Preferred  Stock in effect  immediately
prior to the issuance of such  Additional  Stock,  the Conversion  Price for the
Series A Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall
forthwith (except as otherwise  provided in this subparagraph  (f)4) be adjusted
to a price equal to the quotient obtained by dividing:
.

                      (i)  an amount equal to the sum of (x) the number of
shares of  Common  Stock  outstanding  immediately  prior to such  issue or sale
multiplied  by the then  existing  Conversion  Price of the  Series A  Preferred
Stock,  (y) the number of shares of Common Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  or
exchange of any obligations or of any shares of stock or upon exercise of rights
or  options  to  purchase  any  shares of stock of the  corporation  outstanding
immediately  prior  to  such  issue  or sale  multiplied  by the  then  existing
Conversion Price of the Series A Preferred Stock, and (z) an amount equal to the
aggregate consideration received by the corporation upon such issue or sale by;


<PAGE>

                      (ii) the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock
outstanding  immediately  after  such  issue or sale and the number of shares of
Common Stock  issuable  upon  conversion or exchange  based upon the  conversion
prices and exchange rates existing  immediately  prior to such issue or sale, of
any obligations or of any shares of stock or upon exercise, of rights or options
to purchase any shares of stock of the corporation outstanding immediately after
such issue or sale.

For  purposes of this  subparagraph  (f)4,  the  following  provisions  shall be
applicable:

                      (A)  No adjustment of the Conversion Price for the
Series A  Preferred  Stock  shall be made in an  amount  less  than one cent per
share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason
of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account
in any  subsequent  adjustment  made prior to 3 years from the date of the event
giving rise to the adjustment being carried forward, or shall be made at the end
of 3 years  from the  date of the  event  giving  rise to the  adjustment  being
carried  forward.  Except to the limited  extent  provided for in  subparagraphs
(f)4(D)3 and (f)4(D)4,  no adjustment of such Conversion  Price pursuant to this
subparagraph (f)4 shall have the effect of increasing the Conversion Price above
the Conversion Price in effect immediately prior to such adjustment.

                      (B)  In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash,
the consideration  shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before
deducting any reasonable discounts,  commissions or other expenses allowed, paid
or incurred by this  corporation for any underwriting or otherwise in connection
with the issuance and sale thereof.

                      (C)  In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration  other than
cash shall be deemed to be the fair value  thereof as determined by the Board of
Directors irrespective of any accounting treatment.

                      (D)  In the case of the issuance of options to purchase or
rights to subscribe for Common Stock, securities by their terms convertible into
or  exchangeable  for Common Stock or options to purchase or rights to subscribe
for such convertible or exchangeable securities (which are not excluded from the
definition of Additional Stock), the following provisions shall apply:

                           1.   The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock  deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to
subscribe  for Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such
options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration
(determined in the manner  provided in  subparagraphs  (f)4(B) and (f)4(C)),  if
any,  received by the  corporation  upon the  issuance of such options or rights
plus the  minimum  purchase  price  provided  in such  options or rights for the
Common Stock covered thereby.



<PAGE>
                           2.   The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common  Stock  deliverable  upon  conversion  of or in  exchange  for  any  such
convertible  or  exchangeable  securities  or upon the  exercise  of  options to
purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable  securities
and  subsequent  conversion  or  exchange  thereof  shall be deemed to have been
issued at the time such  securities were issued and for  consideration  equal to
the  consideration,  if any, received by the corporation for any such securities
and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued
interest or accrued dividends), plus the additional consideration, if any, to be
received by the  corporation  upon the conversion or exchange of such securities
or the exercise of any related options or rights (the consideration in each case
to be determined in the manner provided in subparagraphs (f)4(B) and (f)4(C)).

                           3.   In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or any increase in the consideration  payable
to this  corporation  upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion
of or in exchange for such  convertible or exchangeable  securities,  including,
but not limited to, a change resulting from the antidilution provisions thereof,
the  Conversion  Price of the Series A Preferred  Stock obtained with respect to
the  adjustment  which was made upon the  issuance  of such  options,  rights or
securities,  and any subsequent adjustments based hereon, shall be recomputed to
reflect  such  change,  but no further  adjustment  shall be made for the actual
issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such  consideration upon the exercise
of any such options or rights or the conversion or exchange of such securities.

                           4.   Upon the expiration of any such options or
rights,  the  termination  of any such  rights to  convert  or  exchange  or the
expiration of any options or rights related to such  convertible or exchangeable
securities,  the Conversion  Price of the Series A Preferred Stock obtained with
respect to the  adjustment  which was made upon the  issuance  of such  options,
rights or securities or options or rights  related to such  securities,  and any
subsequent  adjustments  based  thereon,  shall be  recomputed  to  reflect  the
issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock  actually  issued upon the
exercise  of such  options or rights,  upon the  conversion  or exchange of such
securities  or upon the  exercise  of the  options  or  rights  related  to such
securities.

                      (E)  "Additional Stock" shall mean any shares of Common
Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to subparagraph (f)4(D)) by
the corporation before or after the Purchase Date other than

                           1.   Common Stock issued pursuant to a transaction
described in subparagraph (f)l hereof,

                           2.   Shares of Common Stock issuable or issued to
directors,  officers,  employees or consultants of this corporation  directly or
pursuant to a stock option plan or  restricted  stock plan approved by the Board
of Directors of this  corporation or the Compensation  Committee  thereof at any
time when the total  number of shares of Common Stock so issuable or issued (and
not  repurchased  by the  corporation  in  connection  with the  termination  of
employment) does not exceed 7,400,000, or



<PAGE>
                           3.   Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of Preferred Stock.

           (g)  Changes  Affecting  Series A. So long as any  shares of Series A
Preferred  Stock are  outstanding,  the  corporation  shall not,  without  first
obtaining  the approval by vote or written  consent,  in the manner  provided by
law,  of the  holders  of at least a majority  of the total  number of shares of
Series A Preferred Stock outstanding, voting separately as a class, (1) alter or
change  any of the  powers,  preferences,  privileges  or rights of the Series A
Preferred  Stock,  (2) amend the provisions of this paragraph (g), or (3) create
any new  class or  series of shares  having  preferences  prior to the  Series A
Preferred Stock as to dividends or assets.

           (h) Status of  Converted  or  Redeemed  Stock.  In case any shares of
Series A Preferred  Stock shall be converted  or redeemed  pursuant to paragraph
(b) or paragraph  (e) hereof,  the shares so converted or redeemed  shall resume
the status of authorized  but unissued  shares of preferred  stock.  Such shares
shall  reduce the number of  authorized  shares of Series A Preferred  Stock and
this Certificate of Designations,  Preferences and Rights shall be appropriately
amended to effect such reduction.

      2. Series B Preferred  Stock.  The second series of Preferred  Stock shall
comprise  1,500,000 shares and shall be designated  "Series B Preferred  Stock."
The rights,  preferences,  privileges and restrictions  granted to or imposed on
the Series B Preferred Stock are as follows:

           (a)  Dividends.

                1. The holders of outstanding  Series B Preferred Stock shall be
entitled  to receive in any fiscal  year,  when and as  declared by the Board of
Directors,   out  of  any  assets  at  the  time  legally  available   therefor,
distributions  (as  defined  below)  at the rate of $0.10  per share of Series B
Preferred Stock per annum,  before any distribution is paid on the Common Stock.
Each share of  Preferred  Stock shall rank on a parity with every other share of
Preferred  Stock,  irrespective of series,  with regard to  distributions at the
respective rates fixed for such series,  and no distributions  shall be declared
or paid or set apart for payment on the Preferred  Stock of any series unless at
the time of a distribution, a distribution shall also be declared or paid or set
apart for  payment,  as the case may be, on the  preferred  shares of each other
series then  outstanding.  All such  distributions  shall be  declared  pro rata
according to the respective dividend rates of each series. The right to all such
distributions  on the Series B Preferred  Stock shall not be  cumulative  and no
right  shall  accrue  to  holders  of said  shares  by  reason  of the fact that
distribution  on said shares are not  declared in any prior year,  nor shall any
undeclared or unpaid  distribution bear or accrue interest.  After distributions
shall have been paid to or declared and set apart upon the Preferred  Stock,  at
the respective rate for each series, for any one fiscal year of the corporation,
if the Board of Directors elects to declare additional  distributions out of any


<PAGE>
assets  legally  available  therefor,  such  additional  distributions  shall be
declared on all shares of Preferred  Stock and Common Stock,  with the amount of
such  distribution for each share of Preferred Stock equal to the amount of such
distribution for one share of Common Stock multiplied by the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such share of Preferred  Stock is  convertible as of the
record date fixed for declaration of such distribution.

                2. For  purposes  of this  paragraph  (a),  unless  the  context
otherwise requires,  "distribution"  shall mean the transfer of cash or property
without  consideration,  whether by way of dividend or otherwise,  payable other
than in Common Stock, or the purchase or redemption of shares of the corporation
(other than  redemptions set forth in Section (b) below or repurchases of Common
Stock held by employees or consultants of the  corporation  upon  termination of
their  employment  or  services  pursuant  to  agreements   providing  for  such
repurchase)  for cash or  property,  including  any such  transfer,  purchase or
redemption by a subsidiary of the corporation.

           (b)  Redemption.

                1. At any time after  October 31, 1990 upon the  approval of the
Board of  Directors or at such earlier time as may be approved in writing by the
holders of at least a majority of the  outstanding  shares of Series B Preferred
Stock and the Board of Directors, the corporation shall redeem all or a portion,
as specified by such approval or in such writing,  of the outstanding  shares of
the Series B Preferred  Stock at the redemption  price set forth in subparagraph
(b)2  below,  provided  that the  corporation  shall give  written  notice  (the
"Redemption  Notice") by mail,  postage prepaid,  to the holders of the Series B
Preferred Stock to be redeemed at least thirty (30) days, but no more than sixty
(60) days, prior to the date specified for redemption (the  "Redemption  Date").
The Redemption Notice shall be addressed to each such Stockholder at the address
of such holder appearing on the books of the corporation or given by such holder
to the corporation  for the purpose of notice,  or if no such address appears or
is so given,  at the place  where the  principal  office of the  corporation  is
located.  The Redemption  Notice shall state the Redemption Date, the Redemption
Price (as hereinafter defined), the number of shares of Series B Preferred Stock
of such  holders  to be  redeemed  and the date of  termination  of the right to
convert  the shares of Series B Preferred  Stock of such holder to Common  Stock
pursuant to paragraph (e) hereof and shall call upon such holder to surrender to
the  corporation  on the Redemption  Date at the place  designated in the notice
such  holder's  certificate  or  certificates  representing  the  shares  to  be
redeemed.  On or after the  Redemption  Date,  each holder of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock called for redemption shall surrender the certificate evidencing
such  shares to the  corporation  (except  that such  number of shares  shall be
reduced by the number of shares  which have been  converted  between the date of
notice  and date on  which  the  conversion  rights  terminate  as  provided  in
Paragraph (e) below) at the place  designated in such notice and shall thereupon
be entitled to receive payment of the Redemption  Price. If less than all of the
outstanding  shares of Series B  Preferred  Stock are to be  redeemed,  then the
corporation  shall  redeem a pro rata  portion  from  each  holder  of  Series B


<PAGE>

Preferred  Stock  according  to the  respective  number  of  shares  of Series B
Preferred Stock held by such holder.

                2. The Series B  Preferred  Stock  shall be  redeemed  at a cash
price equal to One Dollar  ($1.00) per share,  together  with all  declared  and
unpaid dividends to and including the Redemption Date (the "Redemption  Price");
provided,  however, that payment of the Redemption Price shall be made only from
funds of the corporation legally available therefor.

                3. Ten days prior to the Redemption Date, the corporation  shall
deposit the  Redemption  Price of all  outstanding  shares of Series B Preferred
Stock designated for redemption in the Redemption  Notice,  and not yet redeemed
or converted,  with a bank or trust company having aggregate capital and surplus
in excess of  $50,000,000  as a trust  fund for the  benefit  of the  respective
holders  of  the  shares   designated  for  redemption  and  not  yet  redeemed.
Simultaneously,  the  corporation  shall  deposit  irrevocable  instruction  and
authority to such bank or trust company to publish the Redemption  Notice (or to
complete such publication if theretofore commenced) and to pay, on and after the
date fixed for redemption or prior thereto, the Redemption Price of the Series B
Preferred Stock to the holders thereof upon surrender of their certificates. Any
monies deposited by the corporation  pursuant to this  subparagraph (b)3 for the
redemption of shares which are thereafter  converted into shares of Common Stock
pursuant  to  paragraph  (e) hereof no later than the close of  business  on the
fifth day prior to the  Redemption  Date shall be  returned  to the  corporation
forthwith  upon such  conversion.  The  balance of any moneys  deposited  by the
corporation  pursuant  to this  subparagraph  (b)3  remaining  unclaimed  at the
expiration  of two years  following  the  Redemption  Date shall  thereafter  be
returned to this corporation, provided that the stockholder to which such monies
would be payable hereunder shall be entitled, upon proof of its ownership of the
Series B Preferred  Stock and payment of any bond requested by the  corporation,
to receive such monies but without interest from the Redemption Date.

                4. From and after the Redemption  Date (unless  default shall be
made by the  corporation in duly paying the  Redemption  Price in which case all
the rights of the  holders of such  shares  shall  continue)  the holders of the
shares of the Series B Preferred Stock called for redemption shall cease to have
any rights as  stockholders  of the  corporation  except  the right to  receive,
without interest,  the Redemption Price thereof as provided in subparagraph (b)3
above,  and such shares shall not  thereafter  be  transferred  (except with the
consent of the  corporation)  on the books of the  corporation  and shall not be
deemed outstanding for any purpose whatsoever.

                5.  There  shall be no  redemption  of any  shares  of  Series B
Preferred  Stock of the  corporation  where such action would be in violation of
applicable law.


<PAGE>

           (c)  Preference on Liquidation.

                1.    In the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the corporation:

                      (i)  The holders of shares of the Preferred Stock then
outstanding  shall be entitled to be paid, out of the assets of the  corporation
available for distribution to its stockholders, whether from capital, surplus or
earnings,  before any  payment  shall be made in  respect  of the  corporation's
Common Stock, an amount equal to Sixty-Five  Cents ($0.65) per share of Series A
Preferred  Stock and One Dollar  ($1.00) per share of Series B Preferred  Stock,
plus  all  declared  and  unpaid  dividends   thereon  to  the  date  fixed  for
distribution.   If,  upon   liquidation,   dissolution  or  winding  up  of  the
corporation,  the assets of the  corporation  available for  distribution to its
stockholders shall be insufficient to pay the holders of the Preferred Stock the
full amounts to which they shall be entitled, the holders of the Preferred Stock
shall share ratably in any  distribution  of assets  according to the respective
amounts which would be payable in respect of the shares of Preferred  Stock held
by them upon such distribution if all amounts payable on or with respect to said
shares were paid in full.

                     (ii) After setting apart or paying in full the preferential
amounts  due the holders of the  Preferred  Stock,  the holders of Common  Stock
shall be entitled  to receive an amount  equal to $1.00 per share for each share
of Common Stock held by them. If upon liquidation,  dissolution or winding up of
the corporation, the assets of the corporation available for distribution to its
stockholders  shall be  insufficient  to pay the holders of the Common Stock the
full  amounts to which they shall be  entitled,  the holders of the Common Stock
shall share ratably in any  distribution  of assets  according to the respective
amounts  which  would be payable in respect of the shares held by them upon such
distribution  if all amounts payable on or with respect to said shares were paid
in full.

                   (iii)  After setting apart or paying in full the preferential
amounts due the holders of the Preferred  Stock and Common Stock,  the remaining
assets of the corporation  available for distribution to  stockholders,  if any,
shall be  distributed to the holders of Preferred  Stock and Common Stock,  with
the amount of such  distribution  for each share of Preferred Stock equal to the
amount of such distribution for each share of Common Stock (each such issued and
outstanding  share of Common Stock  entitling  the holder  thereof to receive an
equal proportion of said remaining assets) multiplied by the number of shares of
Common Stock into which such share of Preferred  Stock is  convertible as of the
date fixed for such distribution.

                2. The merger or  consolidation  of the corporation into or with
another corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
corporation  shall not be deemed to be a liquidation,  dissolution or winding up
of the corporation as those terms are used in this paragraph (c).


<PAGE>

                3. In the event of any  voluntary  or  involuntary  liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the corporation,  the corporation shall, within ten
(10) days after the date the Board of Directors  approves such action, or twenty
(20) days prior to any  stockholders'  meeting called to approve such action, or
twenty (20) days after the commencement of any involuntary proceeding, whichever
is  earlier,  give each  holder of shares of Series B  Preferred  Stock  initial
written  notice of the  proposed  action.  Such  initial  written  notice  shall
describe the material terms and conditions of such proposed action,  including a
description  of the stock,  cash and  property  to be received by the holders of
shares of Series B Preferred Stock upon  consummation of the proposed action and
the date of delivery  thereof.  If any material change in the facts set forth in
the initial  notice shall occur,  the  corporation  shall  promptly give written
notice to each  holder of shares of Series B  Preferred  Stock of such  material
change.

                4.  The  corporation  shall  not  consummate  any  voluntary  or
involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the corporation before the
expiration  of thirty (30) days after the  mailing of the initial  notice or ten
(10) days after the  mailing of any  subsequent  written  notice,  whichever  is
later;  provided that any such 30-day or 10-day period may be shortened upon the
written  consent  of the  holders of all of the  outstanding  shares of Series B
Preferred Stock.

                5. In the event of any  voluntary  or  involuntary  liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the corporation which will involve the distribution
of assets other than cash,  the  corporation  shall  promptly  engage  competent
independent appraisers to determine the value of the assets to be distributed to
the holders of shares of Series B  Preferred  Stock and the holders of shares of
Common  Stock (it  being  understood  that  with  respect  to the  valuation  of
securities,  the corporation shall engage such appraiser as shall be approved by
the holders of a majority of shares of the  corporation's  outstanding  Series B
Preferred  Stock).  The  corporation  shall,  upon  receipt of such  appraiser's
valuation,  give  prompt  written  notice  to each  holder of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock of the appraiser's valuation.

           (d)  Voting.

                1. Except as otherwise  required by law or by the certificate of
incorporation of the  corporation,  the shares of Series B Preferred Stock shall
be voted equally with the shares of the corporation's Common Stock at any annual
or special  meeting of stockholders  of the  corporation,  or may act by written
consent in the same manner as the corporation's Common Stock, upon the following
basis:  each holder of shares of Series B  Preferred  Stock shall be entitled to
such number of votes for the Series B Preferred  Stock held by him on the record
date fixed for such meeting,  or on the effective date of such written  consent,
as shall be equal to the whole  number of  shares  of the  corporation's  Common
Stock  into  which  his  shares  of Series B  Preferred  Stock  are  convertible
immediately  after the  close of  business  on the  record  date  fixed for such
meeting or the effective date of such written consent.


<PAGE>

                2. In addition to the rights specified in subparagraph (d)l, the
holders of Series B Preferred Stock,  voting separately as one class, shall have
the  exclusive  and  special  right to elect one of the  members of the Board of
Directors of the corporation but shall not be entitled to vote for the remaining
directors  of the  corporation.  The special and  exclusive  voting right of the
holders of the Series B Preferred Stock,  voting  separately as a class pursuant
to this subparagraph (d)2, may be exercised by unanimous written consent in lieu
of a meeting,  or by a vote at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders
of the corporation, or by a vote at a special meeting of the holders of Series B
Preferred  Stock  called as provided  below.  The  director to be elected by the
holders of Series B Preferred Stock,  voting separately as one class pursuant to
this  subparagraph  (d)2,  shall serve for a term extending from the date of his
election and qualification  until the time of the next succeeding annual meeting
of stockholders and until his successor has been elected and qualified.

                3. If at any time the  directorship to be filled pursuant to the
special  voting  rights  set forth in  subparagraph  (d)2 has been  vacant for a
period of ten days,  the Secretary of the  corporation  shall,  upon the written
request  of the  holders of record of shares  representing  more than 10% of the
outstanding voting power of the Series B Preferred Stock, call a special meeting
of the holders of such class for the purpose of electing a director or directors
to fill such vacancy or  vacancies.  Such meeting  shall be held at the earliest
practicable  date at such place as is specified in or  determined  in accordance
with the Bylaws of the  corporation.  If such meeting shall not have been called
by the Secretary of the  corporation  within ten days after personal  service of
said written  request on him, then the holders of record of shares  representing
at least 10% of the outstanding voting power of the Series B Preferred Stock may
designate  in writing one of their number to call such meeting at the expense of
the  corporation,  and such meeting may be called by such persons so  designated
upon the notice required for annual  meetings of stockholders  and shall be held
at such  specified  place.  Any  stockholder  designated  as above to call  such
meeting shall have access to the stock books of the  corporation for the purpose
of calling such meeting pursuant to these provisions.

                4. At any meeting  held for the  purpose of  electing  directors
pursuant  to the  special  voting  rights set forth in  subparagraph  (d)2,  the
presence,  in person or by proxy,  of the  holders of a majority of the Series B
Preferred  Stock then  outstanding  shall be required to  constitute a quorum of
such class. At such meeting or adjournment  thereof,  the absence of a quorum of
one class shall not prevent the election of directors by the other class. In the
absence of either or both of such  quorums,  the  holders  of a majority  of the
shares of the class of stock  lacking a quorum,  present  in person or by proxy,
shall have power to adjourn the meeting  without notice other than  announcement
at the meeting.

           (e) Conversion  Rights.  Each share of Series B Preferred Stock shall
be convertible,  at the option of the holder thereof, at any time after the date
of issuance  of such share and on or before the fifth day prior to a  Redemption
Date established  pursuant to the terms of paragraph (b) hereof (the "Conversion
Period")  into  fully  paid and  non-assessable  shares of  Common  Stock of the
corporation.  Each share shall  automatically  be converted  into fully paid and


<PAGE>

non-assessable  shares of Common Stock of the corporation at any time during the
Conversion  Period  immediately upon the closing of a sale of the  corporation's
Common Stock with an aggregate  offering price of at least Five Million  Dollars
($5,000,000)  and an offering price per share of at least Five Dollars  ($5.00),
as adjusted by any stock split, stock dividend or other  recapitalization of the
outstanding  shares  of  Common  Stock,  in an  underwritten  registered  public
offering.  Each share of Series B Preferred  Stock shall be valued at One Dollar
($1.00) for purposes of such optional or automatic  conversion,  notwithstanding
any  accrued  but unpaid  dividends.  The number of shares of Common  Stock into
which  each  share  of  Series  B  Preferred  Stock  may be  converted  shall be
determined  by  dividing  the value  thereof  ($1.00)  by the  Conversion  Price
determined as hereinafter provided in effect at the time of the conversion.

                1. The  Conversion  Price  per  share at which  shares of Common
Stock shall be  initially  issuable  upon  conversion  of any shares of Series B
Preferred  Stock shall be $1.00  subject to  adjustment as provided in paragraph
(f) hereof.

                2. The  holder of any  shares of  Series B  Preferred  Stock may
exercise the conversion rights during the Conversion Period as to such shares or
any part thereof by delivering to the corporation during regular business hours,
at the  office  of any  transfer  agent  of the  corporation  for the  Series  B
Preferred  Stock, or at the principal office of the corporation or at such other
place as may be designated by the  corporation,  the certificate or certificates
for the shares to be converted,  duly  endorsed for transfer to the  corporation
(if  required by it),  accompanied  by written  notice  stating  that the holder
elects to convert such shares.  Conversion shall be deemed to have been effected
on the date when such  delivery is made,  and such date is referred to herein as
the "Conversion  Date". As promptly as practicable  thereafter,  the corporation
shall  issue  and  deliver  to, or upon the  written  order of  (subject  to any
restrictions  in any  agreement  between the holder and the  corporation),  such
holder,  at  such  office  or  other  place  designated  by the  corporation,  a
certificate  or  certificates  for the number of full shares of Common  Stock to
which  such  holder  is  entitled  and a check  for  cash  with  respect  to any
fractional  interest in a share of Common Stock as provided in subparagraph (e)3
below.  The holder shall be deemed to have become a stockholder of record on the
applicable  Conversion  Date unless the transfer  books of the  corporation  are
closed  on the  date,  in  which  event  he shall  be  deemed  to have  become a
stockholder  of record on the next  succeeding  date on which the transfer books
are open,  but the  Conversion  Price shall be that in effect on the  Conversion
Date.  Upon  conversion  of only a portion  of the  number of shares of Series B
Preferred Stock  represented by a certificate  surrendered  for conversion,  the
corporation shall issue and deliver to, or upon the written order of (subject to
any restrictions in any agreement between the holder and the  corporation),  the
holder of the certificate so surrendered  for conversion,  at the expense of the
corporation,  a new  certificate  covering  the  number  of  shares  of Series B
Preferred  Stock  representing  the  unconverted  portion of the  certificate so
surrendered.  If the conversion is in connection with an underwritten  offering,
such conversion will not be deemed to have occurred until  immediately  prior to
the closing of such sale of securities.



<PAGE>


                3. No  fractional  shares  of Common  Stock or  script  shall be
issued upon  conversion of shares of Series B Preferred  Stock. If more than one
share of Series B Preferred Stock shall be surrendered for conversion at any one
time by the same holder, the number of full shares of Common Stock issuable upon
conversion  thereof  shall be computed on the basis of the  aggregate  number of
shares of Series B Preferred  Stock so  surrendered.  Instead of any  fractional
shares of Common Stock which would  otherwise be issuable upon conversion of any
shares of Series B Preferred Stock, the corporation  shall pay a cash adjustment
in respect of such fractional  interest,  the value of which shall be determined
in good faith by the Board of Directors of the corporation.

                4. The  corporation  shall pay any and all issue and other taxes
that may be  payable in  respect  of any issue or  delivery  of shares of Common
Stock on conversion of Series B Preferred Stock pursuant hereto. The corporation
shall not,  however,  be required to pay any tax which may be payable in respect
of any transfer  involved in the issue and delivery of shares of Common Stock in
a name other than that in which the Series B Preferred  Stock so converted  were
registered,  and no such issue or  delivery  shall be made  unless and until the
person  requesting such issue has paid to the corporation the amount of any such
tax, or has established,  to the satisfaction of the corporation,  that such tax
has been paid.

                5.  The  corporation   shall  at  all  times  reserve  and  keep
available,  out of its  authorized  but unissued  Common  Stock,  solely for the
purpose of effecting the  conversion of the Series B Preferred  Stock,  the full
number of shares of Common Stock deliverable upon the conversion of all Series B
Preferred Stock from time to time  outstanding.  The corporation shall from time
to time (subject to obtaining  necessary  director and shareholder  action),  in
accordance  with the laws of the  State of  Delaware,  increase  the  authorized
amount of its Common Stock if at any time the authorized number of shares of its
Common Stock remaining unissued shall not be sufficient to permit the conversion
of all of the  shares  of  convertible  Series  B  Preferred  Stock  at the time
outstanding.

                6.  All  shares  of  Common  Stock  which  may  be  issued  upon
conversion  of the shares of Series B Preferred  Stock will upon issuance by the
corporation be validly issued,  fully paid and  non-assessable and free from all
taxes, liens and charges with respect to the issuance thereof.

                7. All certificates of the Series B Preferred Stock  surrendered
for conversion shall be appropriately cancelled on the books of the corporation.

           (f)  Adjustment of Conversion Prices.

                1. In case the corporation  shall at any time split or subdivide
the  outstanding  shares of Common Stock, or shall issue a stock dividend on its
outstanding  Common Stock, the Conversion Price in effect  immediately  prior to
such  split  or   subdivision   or  the  issuance  of  such  dividend  shall  be
proportionately decreased, and in case the corporation shall at any time combine


<PAGE>


the  outstanding  shares  of  Common  Stock,  the  Conversion  Price  in  effect
immediately  prior  to such  combination  shall  be  proportionately  increased,
effective at the close of business on the date of such subdivision,  dividend or
combination, as the case may be.

                2. In case of any capital reorganization or any reclassification
of the  capital  stock of the  corporation  or in case of the  consolidation  or
merger of the corporation with or into another  corporation or the conveyance of
all  or  substantially   all  of  the  assets  of  the  corporation  to  another
corporation,  each  share of  Series  B  Preferred  Stock  shall  thereafter  be
convertible  into the number of shares of stock or other  securities or property
to which a holder of the  number of  shares of Common  Stock of the  corporation
deliverable  upon  conversion  of such Series B Preferred  Stock would have been
entitled upon such reorganization,  reclassification,  consolidation,  merger or
conveyance;  and, in any such case, appropriate adjustment (as determined by the
Board of Directors)  shall be made in the  application of the provisions  herein
set forth with respect to the rights and interests  thereafter of the holders of
the Series B Preferred  Stock,  to the end that the  provisions set forth herein
(including  provisions  with respect to changes in and other  adjustments of the
Conversion  Price) shall  thereafter be applicable,  as nearly as reasonably may
be, in relation to any share of stock or other property  thereafter  deliverable
upon the conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock.

                3.    In case:

                      (i)  the corporation shall take a record of the holders of
its Common  Stock for the purpose of entitling  them to receive a dividend,  or
any other distribution, payable otherwise than in cash; or

                      (ii) the corporation shall take a record of the holders of
its Common Stock for the purpose of entitling them to subscribe for or purchase
any shares of stock of any class or to receive any other rights; or

                      (iii)of any capital reorganization of the corporation,
reclassification  of  the  capital  stock  of  the  corporation  (other  than  a
subdivision  or  combination  of  its  outstanding   shares  of  Common  Stock),
consolidation or merger of the corporation  with or into another  corporation or
conveyance  of all or  substantially  all of the  assets of the  corporation  to
another corporation;

then,  and in any such case,  the  corporation  shall  cause to be mailed to the
transfer agent for the Series B Preferred Stock, and to the holders of record of
the  outstanding  Series B Preferred  Stock, at least ten (10) days prior to the
date hereinafter  specified,  a notice stating the date on which (x) a record is
to be taken for the purpose of such  dividend,  distribution  or rights,  or (y)
such reclassification, reorganization, consolidation, merger or conveyance is to
take place and the date,  if any is to be fixed,  as of which  holders of Common
Stock of record  shall be entitled to exchange  their shares of Common Stock for
securities   or  other   property   deliverable   upon  such   reclassification,
reorganization, consolidation, merger or conveyance.



<PAGE>

                4. If the  corporation  shall  issue  any  Additional  Stock (as
defined below) without  consideration or for a consideration per share less than
the  Conversion  Price for the Series B  Preferred  Stock in effect  immediately
prior to the issuance of such  Additional  Stock,  the Conversion  Price for the
Series B Preferred Stock in effect immediately prior to each such issuance shall
forthwith  (except as  otherwise  provided  in this clause (i)) be adjusted to a
price equal to the quotient obtained by dividing the total computed under clause
(x) below by the total computed under clause (y) below as follows:

                      (x)  an amount equal to the sum of

                           (1)  the aggregate purchase price of the shares of
the Series B Preferred  Stock sold  pursuant  to that  Series B Preferred  Stock
Purchase Agreement between the corporation and the investors named therein dated
on or around October 10, 1985 (the "Stock Purchase Agreement"), plus

                           (2)  the aggregate consideration, if any, received by
the corporation for all Additional Stock issued since the date of the Stock 
Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Date");

                      (y)  an amount equal to the sum of

                           (1)  the aggregate purchase price of the shares of
Series B Preferred Stock sold pursuant to the Stock Purchase  Agreement  divided
by the Conversion  Price for such shares in effect at the Purchase Date (or such
higher or lower Conversion Price for such series as results from the application
of  subparagraphs  f(l) and f(2) and assuming that this Certificate in effect as
of the Purchase Date) plus

                           (2)  the number of shares of Additional Stock issued
since the Purchase Date (increased or decreased to the extent that the number of
such shares of  Additional  Stock shall have been  increased or decreased as the
result  of  any   stock   splits,   stock   dividends,   combinations,   capital
reorganizations or reclassifications).

For  purposes of this  subparagraph  (f)4,  the  following  provisions  shall be
applicable:

                      (A)  No adjustment of the Conversion Price for the
Series B  Preferred  Stock  shall be made in an  amount  less  than one cent per
share, provided that any adjustments which are not required to be made by reason
of this sentence shall be carried forward and shall be either taken into account
in any  subsequent  adjustment  made prior to 3 years from the date of the event
giving  rise to the  adjustment  being  carried  forward.  Except to the limited
extent  provided for in  subparagraphs  (f)4(D)3 and (f)4(D)4,  no adjustment of
such Conversion Price pursuant to this  subparagraph  (f)4 shall have the effect
of  increasing  the  Conversion  Price  above  the  Conversion  Price in  effect
immediately prior to such adjustment.

         

<PAGE>

                      (B)  In the case of the issuance of Common Stock for cash,
the consideration  shall be deemed to be the amount of cash paid therefor before
deducting any reasonable discounts,  commissions or other expenses allowed, paid
or incurred by the corporation for any issuance and sale thereof.

                      (C)  In the case of the issuance of the Common Stock for a
consideration in whole or in part other than cash, the consideration  other than
cash shall be deemed to be the fair value  thereof as determined by the Board of
Directors irrespective of any accounting treatment.

                      (D)  In the case of the issuance of options to purchase or
rights to subscribe for Common Stock, securities by their terms convertible into
or  exchangeable  for Common Stock or options to purchase or rights to subscribe
for such convertible or exchangeable securities (which are not excluded from the
definition of Additional Stock), the following provisions shall apply:

                           1.   The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common Stock  deliverable upon exercise of such options to purchase or rights to
subscribe  for Common Stock shall be deemed to have been issued at the time such
options or rights were issued and for a consideration equal to the consideration
(determined in the manner  provided in  subparagraphs  (f)4(B) and (f)4(C)),  if
any,  received by the  corporation  upon the  issuance of such options or rights
plus the  minimum  purchase  price  provided  in such  options or rights for the
Common Stock covered thereby.

                           2.   The aggregate maximum number of shares of
Common  Stock  deliverable  upon  conversion  of or in  exchange  for  any  such
convertible  or  exchangeable  securities  or upon the  exercise  of  options to
purchase or rights to subscribe for such convertible or exchangeable  securities
and  subsequent  conversion  or  exchange  thereof  shall be deemed to have been
issued at the time such  securities were issued and for  consideration  equal to
the  consideration,  if any, received by the corporation for any such securities
and related options or rights (excluding any cash received on account of accrued
interest or accrued dividends), plus the additional consideration, if any, to be
received by the  corporation  upon the conversion or exchange of such securities
or the exercise of any related options or rights (the consideration in each case
to be determined in the manner provided in subparagraphs (f)4(B) and (f)4(C)).

                           3.   In the event of any change in the number of
shares of Common Stock deliverable or any increase in the consideration  payable
to this  corporation  upon exercise of such options or rights or upon conversion
of or in exchange for such  convertible or exchangeable  securities,  including,
but not limited to, a change resulting from the antidilution  provision thereof,
the  Conversion  Price of the Series B Preferred  Stock obtained with respect to
the  adjustment  which was made upon the  issuance  of such  options,  rights or
securities, and any subsequent adjustments based thereon, shall be recomputed to
reflect  such  change,  but no further  adjustment  shall be made for the actual
issuance of Common Stock or any payment of such  consideration upon the exercise


<PAGE>

of any such options or rights or the conversion or exchange of such securities.

                           4.   Upon the expiration of any such options or
rights,  the  termination  of any such  rights to  convert  or  exchange  or the
expiration of any options or rights related to such  convertible or exchangeable
securities,  the Conversion  Price of the Series B Preferred Stock obtained with
respect to the  adjustment  which was made upon the  issuance  of such  options,
rights or securities or options or rights  related to such  securities,  and any
subsequent  adjustments  based  thereon,  shall be  recomputed  to  reflect  the
issuance of only the number of shares of Common Stock  actually  issued upon the
exercise  of such  options or rights,  upon the  conversion  or exchange of such
securities  or upon the  exercise  of the  options  or  rights  related  to such
securities.

                      E.   "Additional Stock" shall mean any shares of Common
Stock issued (or deemed to have been issued pursuant to subparagraph (f)4(D)) by
the corporation before or after the Purchase Date other than

                           1.   Common Stock issued pursuant to a transaction
described in subparagraph (f)l hereof,

                           2.   Shares of Common Stock issuable or issued to
directors,  officers,  employees or consultants of this corporation  directly or
pursuant to a stock option plan or  restricted  stock plan approved by the Board
of Directors of this  corporation or the Compensation  Committee  thereof at any
time when the total  number of shares of Common Stock so issuable or issued (and
not  repurchased  by the  corporation  in  connection  with the  termination  of
employment for the same or lesser price than the price at which such shares were
issued) does not exceed 5,950,000,

                           3.   Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of Series B Preferred Stock, or

                           4.   Common Stock issued or issuable upon
conversion of a maximum of 2,660,577 shares of Series A Preferred Stock.

           (g)  Changes  Affecting  Series B. So long as any  shares of Series B
Preferred  Stock are  outstanding,  the  corporation  shall not,  without  first
obtaining  the approval by vote or written  consent,  in the manner  provided by
law,  of the  holders  of at least a majority  of the total  number of shares of
Series B Preferred Stock outstanding, voting separately as a class, (l) alter or
change  any of the  powers,  preferences,  privileges  or rights of the Series B
Preferred  Stock, (2) amend the provisions of this paragraph (g), (3) create any
new class or series of shares having  preferences  prior to or being on a parity
with the Series B Preferred  Stock as to dividends  or assets,  (4) increase the
authorized  number  of  shares of Series B  Preferred  Stock,  (5) sell,  lease,
convey,  exchange,  transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of
its assets  (other than for the purposes of securing  payment of any contract or
obligation),  or (6) merge or  consolidate  with or into any  other  corporation


<PAGE>

except into or with a wholly owned subsidiary.

           (h) Status of  Converted  or  Redeemed  Stock.  In case any shares of
Series B Preferred  Stock shall be converted  or redeemed  pursuant to paragraph
(b) or paragraph  (e) hereof,  the shares so converted or redeemed  shall resume
the status of authorized  but unissued  shares of preferred  stock.  Such shares
shall  reduce the number of  authorized  shares of Series B Preferred  Stock and
this Certificate of Determination shall be appropriately  amended to effect such
reduction.

      RESOLVED  FURTHER,  that  the  President  or any Vice  president,  and the
Secretary or any Assistant  Secretary,  of this  corporation be, and they hereby
are,  authorized  and  directed  to  execute,  acknowledge,  file  and  record a
certificate of  determination  of  preferences in accordance  with the foregoing
resolutions and the provisions of California law.

      3.  The  authorized  number  of  shares  of  Series A  Preferred  Stock is
2,660,557  none of which has been  issued.  The  authorized  number of shares of
Series B Preferred Stock is 1,500,000 none of which has been issued.

      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, said CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC. has
caused this Certificate of Designations,  Preferences and Rights of Series A and
Series B Preferred Stock to be duly executed by its President and attested to by
its  Secretary,  and has caused its corporate seal to be affixed  thereto,  this
11th day of September, 1986.

                                          _____________________________
                                          Gordon A. Campbell, President



                                          ______________________________
                                          Gary P. Martin, Secretary


<PAGE>
                     AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER


      THIS  AGREEMENT  AND  PLAN  OF  MERGER  (hereinafter  called  the  "Merger
Agreement") is made as of August 28, 1986 by and between CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES,
INC., a California corporation ("Chips California") and, CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES,
INC., a Delaware  corporation and a wholly-owned  subsidiary of Chips California
("Chips Delaware").

                               RECITALS

      A. The Board of Directors of Chips  California  and the Board of Directors
of Chips  Delaware  deem it  advisable  that Chips  California  merge into Chips
Delaware  pursuant to the Delaware General  Corporation Law (the "Delaware Law")
and the California  Corporations  Code (the "California  Law"), and the Board of
Directors of each of such corporations has approved this Agreement.

      B. The Board of  Directors  of Chips  California  has  directed  that this
Agreement be submitted to a vote of Chips  California  shareholders  at the 1986
Annual  Meeting  of  Shareholders  to be held prior to the  consummation  of the
transaction described herein.

      C. The  Board of  Directors  of Chips  Delaware  has  directed  that  this
Agreement be submitted to its sole shareholder,  Chips California, and said sole
shareholder is expected to adopt and approve this Agreement by written consent.

      NOW,  THEREFORE,  the parties do hereby  adopt the plan of  reorganization
encompassed by this Merger  Agreement and do hereby agree that Chips  California
shall merge into Chips  Delaware on the following  terms,  conditions  and other
provisions:

                       I.  TERMS AND CONDITIONS

      1.1 Merger. Chips California shall be merged with and into Chips Delaware,
and Chips Delaware shall be the surviving corporation (the "Merger"),  effective
upon the date when a duly executed copy of this Merger Agreement, along with all
required  officers'  certificates,  is filed with the  Secretary of State of the
State of  California  and with the  Secretary  of State of the State of Delaware
(the "Effective Date").

      1.2  Effect of Merger.

           (a) On the Effective Date, the separate corporate  existence of Chips
California  shall  cease,  and the  corporate  existence of Chips  Delaware,  as
governed by the Delaware Law,  shall  continue  unimpaired and unaffected by the
Merger.  Chips Delaware shall succeed to all of the rights,  privileges,  powers
and property of Chips California in the manner provided in and as more fully set
forth in Section 259 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.


<PAGE>

           (b) On the  Effective  Date,  each  share  of  each  class  of  Chips
California  capital stock issued and outstanding shall be converted by reason of
the Merger and without any action on the part of the  holders  thereof  into and
become one share of Chips Delaware  capital stock of the same class.  The shares
of Chips  California  Stock so converted  shall cease to exist as such and shall
exist only as shares of Chips Delaware capital stock.

      1.3  Stock  Certificates.  On and  after the  Effective  Date,  all of the
outstanding  certificates  which  prior to that time  represented  shares of the
capital stock of Chips  California  shall be deemed for all purposes to evidence
ownership of and to represent the shares of Chips Delaware into which the shares
of Chips  California  represented  by such  certificates  have been converted as
herein  provided.  The  registered  owner  on the  books  and  records  of Chips
California  or its transfer  agents of any such  outstanding  stock  certificate
shall,  until such  certificate  shall have been  surrendered  for  transfer  or
conversion or otherwise  accounted for to Chips Delaware or its transfer agents,
have and be entitled to exercise any voting and other rights with respect to and
to  receive  any  dividend  and  other  distributions  upon the  shares of Chips
Delaware evidenced by such outstanding certificate as above provided.

      1.4 Options.  Upon the  Effective  Date,  Chips  Delaware  will assume and
continue the 1985 Stock Option Plan of Chips  California and the outstanding and
unexercised  portions  of all  options to buy Common  Stock of Chips  California
shall  become  options  for the same  number of shares of Common  Stock of Chips
Delaware  with no other  changes  in the terms of  conditions  of such  options,
including exercise prices.

            II.  CHARTER DOCUMENTS, DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

      2.1  Chips  Delaware   Certificate  of  Incorporation  and  By-laws.   The
Certificate of  Incorporation  of Chips Delaware,  as in effect on the Effective
Date,  shall continue to be the Certificate of  Incorporation  of Chips Delaware
until further amended in accordance  with the provisions  thereof and applicable
law. The By-laws of Chips  Delaware,  as amended and in effect on the  Effective
Date,  shall  continue to be the  By-laws of Chips  Delaware  without  change or
amendment until further  amended in accordance  with the provisions  thereof and
applicable law.

      2.2 Chips Delaware Directors and Officers. The directors of Chips Delaware
shall continue in office for their current terms and until their  successors are
elected  and  qualified,  or until their  death,  resignation  or  removal.  The
officers  of Chips  Delaware  shall  remain  officers  of Chips  Delaware on the
Effective Date and shall serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors.


<PAGE>

                      III.  CONDITIONS TO MERGER

      3.1 Conditions.  The consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated  by this  Agreement is subject to approval by the  shareholders  of
Chips California prior to the Effective Date.

                          IV.  MISCELLANEOUS

      4.1  Abandonment.  At any time  before the  Effective  Date,  this  Merger
Agreement  may be  terminated  and the Merger may be  abandoned  by the Board of
Directors of Chips California, notwithstanding approval of this Merger Agreement
by the shareholders of Chips California.

      4.2  Amendment.  At any  time  before  the  Effective  Date,  this  Merger
Agreement may be amended,  modified or supplemented by the Board of Directors of
the parties  hereto,  notwithstanding  approval of this Merger  Agreement by the
shareholders of Chips  California,  provided,  however,  that no such amendment,
modification or supplement not approved by the shareholders  changes any of this
Agreement's principal terms.

      4.3 Counterparts.  In order to facilitate the filing and recording of this
Merger Agreement,  the same may be executed in any number of counterparts,  each
of which shall be deemed to be an original.



<PAGE>


      IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Merger Agreement, having first been duly approved
by the Board of Directors of each of the parties  hereto,  is hereby executed on
behalf of each of said  corporations and attested by their  respective  officers
thereunto duly authorized.

                                      CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                      A California corporation


                                      By: __________________________
                                          Gordon Campbell, President


                                      ATTEST:


                                      _________________________
                                      Gary P. Martin, Secretary


                                      CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                      A Delaware Corporation


                                      By: __________________________
                                          Gordon Campbell, President


                                      ATTEST:


                                      _________________________
                                      Gary P. Martin, Secretary

<PAGE>





                       CERTIFICATE OF SECRETARY

                                  OF

                     CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                       (A Delaware Corporation)



      I, Gary Martin,  the  Secretary of Chips and  Technologies,  Inc.,  hereby
certify  that the  Agreement  and Plan of Merger to which  this  Certificate  is
attached,  after having been first duly signed on behalf of the  Corporation  by
the President and Secretary  under the corporate seal of said  Corporation,  was
duly approved and adopted by the sole  stockholder of the Corporation by written
consent dated September 11, 1986.

      Witness my hand and seal of said  Corporation  this 11th day of September,
1986.


                                          _________________________
                                          Gary P. Martin, Secretary



<PAGE>


                     CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                              CERTIFICATE
                OF DESIGNATION, PREFERENCES AND RIGHTS
                         OF THE TERMS OF THE
                       SERIES A PREFERRED STOCK

Pursuant to Section 151 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware


      We, Gordon A. Campbell,  President and Chief Executive Officer,  and Nancy
Dusseau,  Secretary,  of Chips and  Technologies,  Inc.,  organized and existing
under the General  Corporation Law of the State of Delaware,  in accordance with
the provisions of Section 103 thereof, DO HEREBY CERTIFY:

      That  pursuant to the authority  conferred  upon the Board of Directors by
the  Certificate of  Incorporation  of the said  Corporation,  the said Board of
Directors on July 10, 1992, adopted the following  resolution  creating a series
of Preferred Stock designated as Series A Preferred Stock:

      RESOLVED,  that pursuant to the authority vested in the Board of Directors
of this  Corporation  in accordance  with the  provisions of its  Certificate of
Incorporation,  a series of Preferred  Stock of the Corporation be and it hereby
is  created,  and  that the  designation  and  amount  thereof  and the  powers,
preferences  and relative,  participating,  optional and other special rights of
the shares of such series, and the  qualifications,  limitations or restrictions
thereof are as follows:

      Section 1.  Designation  and Amount.  The shares of such  series  shall be
designated as "Series A Preferred Stock" (the "Series A Preferred Stock"), $0.01
par value per share, and the number of shares  constituting such series shall be
510,780.

      Section 2.   Dividends   and   Distributions.   No   dividends  or  other
distributions  shall be made with  respect to the  Corporation's  Common  Stock,
unless such dividend or  distribution is also made in equal amounts based on the
then effective Conversion Rate with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock.

      Section 3.    Voting Rights. The holders of shares of Series A Preferred 
Stock shall have the following voting rights:

           (A) Subject to the provision for  adjustment  hereinafter  set forth,
each share of Series A Preferred  Stock shall entitle the holder  thereof to the
number of votes  equal to the  number of shares of Common  Stock into which such
share of Series A  Preferred  Stock  could be  converted  at the record date for
determination of stockholders  entitled to vote on such matters,  to vote on all
matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation.


<PAGE>

           (B)  Except as  otherwise  provided  herein,  in the  Certificate  of
Incorporation  or Bylaws,  the holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock and
the holders of shares of Common  Stock  shall vote  together as one class on all
matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation.

           (C) Except as set forth herein,  in the Certificate of  Incorporation
and in the  Bylaws,  holders of Series A  Preferred  Stock shall have no special
voting rights and their consent shall not be required (except to the extent they
are  entitled  to vote with  holders of Common  Stock as set forth  herein)  for
taking any corporate action.

      Section  4.  Reacquired  Shares.  Any shares of Series A  Preferred  Stock
purchased  or otherwise  acquired by the  Corporation  in any manner  whatsoever
shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition  thereof. All such
shares shall upon their  cancellation  become  authorized but unissued shares of
Preferred  Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred  Stock
to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject to
the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein.

      Section 5.  Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up.

           (A) In  the  event  of  any  voluntary  or  involuntary  liquidation,
dissolution  or  winding  up of the  Corporation,  the  holders  of the Series A
Preferred  Stock shall be entitled to receive,  prior and in  preference  to any
distribution of any assets or surplus funds of the Corporation to the holders of
Common Stock, the amount for each share of Series A Preferred Stock then held by
them  equal to  $4.64.  If upon the  occurrence  of such  event of  liquidation,
dissolution  or winding  up, the assets and  property  legally  available  to be
distributed  among the holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall be insufficient
to permit the payment to such holders of the full preferential  amount, then the
entire  assets and funds of the  Corporation  remaining  legally  available  for
distribution  shall  be  distributed  ratably  among  the  holders  of  Series A
Preferred Stock.

           (B) For purposes of this Section 5, a merger or  consolidation of the
Corporation with or into any other corporation or corporations, or the merger of
any  other   corporation  or  corporations   into  the  Corporation,   in  which
consolidation   or  merger  the   stockholders   of  the   Corporation   receive
distributions in cash or securities of another  corporation or corporations as a
result of such consolidation or merger, or a sale of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Corporation, shall be treated as a liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation. The valuation of any securities or other property
other than cash received by the Corporation in any  transaction  covered by this
subparagraph  (B) shall be  computed  at the fair  value  thereof at the time of
receipt as determined in good faith by the Board of Directors.

           (C) The holders of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no priority or
preference with respect to  distributions  made by the Corporation in connection
with the  repurchase  of shares of Common Stock issued to or held by  employees,
directors  or  consultants  upon  termination  of their  employment  or services
pursuant to agreements  providing for the right of said  repurchase  between the
Corporation and such persons.



<PAGE>

      Section 6.  No Redemption.  The shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall 
not be redeemable.

      Section 7. Fractional  Shares.  The Series A Preferred Stock may be issued
in fractions of a share which shall  entitle the holder,  in  proportion to such
holder's  fractional  shares,  to exercise voting rights and have the benefit of
all other rights of holders of Series A Preferred  Stock. All payments made with
respect to  fractional  shares  hereunder  shall be rounded to the nearest whole
cent.

     Section 8.  Conversion.  The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock shall 
have conversion rights (the "Conversion Rights") as follows:

           (A) Each share of Preferred  shall be  convertible,  at the option of
the holder thereof, at any time after the date of issuance of such share, at the
office of the  Corporation  or any  transfer  agent for the  Series A  Preferred
Stock,  into Common Stock at the initial  conversion  rate of one fully paid and
nonassessable  share of Common Stock for each share of Series A Preferred Stock,
subject,  however, to the adjustments  described below. (The number of shares of
Common Stock into which each share of Series A Preferred  Stock may be converted
is hereinafter referred to as the "Conversion Rate.")

           (B) At the time there are less than [a  majority]  shares of Series A
Preferred  Stock  outstanding,  each  share of Series A  Preferred  Stock  shall
automatically  be converted  into shares of Common  Stock at the then  effective
Conversion Rate.

           (C) No  fractional  shares  of  Common  Stock  shall be  issued  upon
conversion of Preferred.  In lieu of any  fractional  shares to which the holder
would  otherwise  be  entitled,  the  Corporation  shall pay cash  equal to such
fraction  multiplied  by the  ratio of (i)  $4.64,  and (ii) the then  effective
Conversion Rate for such Series A Preferred Stock. Before any holder of Series A
Preferred Stock shall be entitled to convert the same into full shares of Common
Stock,  he shall  surrender  the  certificate  or  certificates  therefor,  duly
endorsed,  at the office of the  Corporation  or of any  transfer  agent for the
Series A Preferred  Stock,  and shall give written notice to the  Corporation at
such office that he elects to convert the same; provided,  however,  that in the
event of an automatic  conversion  pursuant to subparagraph  (B) the outstanding
shares of Series A Preferred Stock, shall be converted automatically without any
further action by the holders of such shares and whether or not the certificates
representing  such shares are  surrendered  to the  Corporation  or its transfer
agent; provided further, however, that the Corporation shall not be obligated to
issue  certificates  evidencing  the shares of Common Stock  issuable  upon such
automatic  conversion  unless either the certificates  evidencing such shares of
Series A Preferred  Stock are delivered to the Corporation or its transfer agent
as provided  above, or the holder notifies the Corporation or its transfer agent
that such  certificates  have been lost,  stolen or  destroyed  and  executes an
agreement  satisfactory to the Corporation to indemnify the Corporation from any
loss incurred by it in connection with such certificates.


<PAGE>

           (D)  The  Corporation  shall,  as  soon  as  practicable  after  such
delivery, or after such agreement and indemnification, issue and deliver at such
office to such holder of Series A Preferred Stock, a certificate or certificates
for the  number  of  shares of  Common  Stock to which he shall be  entitled  as
aforesaid  and a check  payable to the holder in the amount of any cash  amounts
payable as the result of a conversion  into  fractional  shares of Common Stock.
Such conversion shall be deemed to have been made immediately prior to the close
of  business on the date of such  surrender  of the shares of Series A Preferred
Stock  to be  converted,  or in the  case of  automatic  conversion  on the date
specified in paragraph (B) above,  and the person or persons entitled to receive
the shares of Common Stock  issuable upon such  conversion  shall be treated for
all  purposes as the record  holder or holders of such shares of Common Stock on
such date.

           (E) The Corporation  shall pay any and all issue and other taxes that
may be payable in respect of any issue or delivery of shares of Common  Stock on
conversion  of shares of Series A Preferred  Stock  pursuant  hereto;  provided,
however,  that the Corporation  shall not be obligated to pay any transfer taxes
resulting from any transfer  requested by any holder in connection with any such
conversion.

           (F) The Corporation shall at all times reserve and keep available out
of its authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock, solely for the purpose of
effecting  the  conversion of the shares of the Series A Preferred  Stock,  such
number of its shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to
effect the conversion of all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock;
and if at any time the number of authorized but unissued  shares of Common Stock
shall not be sufficient to effect the conversion of all then outstanding  shares
of the Series A Preferred Stock, the Corporation will take such corporate action
as may, in the opinion of its counsel,  be necessary to increase its  authorized
but  unissued  shares  of  Common  Stock to such  number  of  shares as shall be
sufficient for such purpose,  including,  without  limitation,  engaging in best
efforts to obtain the requisite  stockholder approval of any necessary amendment
to the Corporation's Certificate of Incorporation.

      Section 9.  Adjustments to Conversion Rate.

           (A) In the  event  the  Corporation  at any time or from time to time
effects a subdivision  or  combination  of its  outstanding  Common Stock into a
greater or lesser number of shares  without a  proportionate  and  corresponding
subdivision or combination of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, then and
in each  such  event  the  Conversion  Rate  shall  be  increased  or  decreased
proportionately.

           (B) In the  event  the  Corporation  at any time or from time to time
shall make or issue,  or fix a record date for the  determination  of holders of
Common Stock entitled to receive,  a dividend or other  distribution  payable in
additional  shares of Common Stock or other  securities  or rights  (hereinafter
referred to as "Common  Stock  Equivalents")  convertible  into or entitling the
holder thereof to receive  additional  shares of Common Stock without payment of
any  consideration  by such  holder for such  Common  Stock  Equivalents  or the
additional shares of Common Stock then and in each such event the maximum number

<PAGE>


of shares (as set forth in the instrument relating thereto without regard to any
provisions  contained  therein for a  subsequent  adjustment  of such number) of
Common  Stock  issuable  in payment of such  dividend  or  distribution  or upon
conversion  or exercise of such Common Stock  Equivalents  shall be deemed to be
issued and  outstanding  as of the time of such issuance or, in the event such a
record  date shall have been  fixed,  as of the close of business on such record
date. In each such event the  Conversion  Rate shall be increased as of the time
of such  issuance or, in the event such a record date shall have been fixed,  as
of the close of business on such record date, by multiplying the Conversion Rate
by a fraction,

                (i) the  numerator  of which shall be the total number of shares
of Common Stock issued and  outstanding  or deemed to be issued and  outstanding
immediately  prior to the time of such issuance or the close of business on such
record  date plus the number of shares of Common  Stock  issuable  in payment of
such  dividend or  distribution  or upon  conversion  or exercise of such Common
Stock Equivalents; and

                (ii) the  denominator  of which  shall be the  total  number  of
shares  of Common  Stock  issued  and  outstanding  or  deemed to be issued  and
outstanding  immediately  prior to the  time of such  issuance  or the  close of
business on such record date;  provided,  however, (A) if such record date shall
have been fixed and such dividend is not fully paid or if such  distribution  is
not  fully  made on the  date  fixed  therefor,  the  Conversion  Rate  shall be
recomputed  accordingly  as of the close of  business  on such  record  date and
thereafter the Conversion Rate shall be adjusted  pursuant to this  subparagraph
(B) as of the time of actual payment of such dividends or  distribution;  (B) if
such Common Equivalents  provide,  with the passage of time or otherwise for any
decrease in the number of shares of Common Stock  issuable  upon  conversion  or
exercise  thereof,  the Conversion Rate shall,  upon any such decrease  becoming
effective,  be  recomputed  to reflect such  decrease  insofar as it affects the
rights  of  conversion  or  exercise  of  the  Common  Stock   Equivalents  then
outstanding; and (C) upon the expiration of any rights or conversion or exercise
under any  unexercised  Common Stock  Equivalents,  the Conversion Rate computed
upon the original issue thereof shall, upon such expiration, be recomputed as if
the only additional shares of Common Stock issued were the shares of such stock,
if any,  actually  issued upon the  conversion  or exercise of such Common Stock
Equivalents.

           (C) The  Corporation  will not, by  amendment of its  Certificate  of
Incorporation or through any reorganization,  transfer of assets, consolidation,
merger, dissolution,  issue or sale of securities or any other voluntary action,
avoid or seek to avoid the  observance or  performance of any of the terms to be
observed or performed hereunder by the Corporation but will at all times in good
faith assist in the carrying out of all the  provisions of this Section 9 and in
the taking of all such action as may be  necessary  or  appropriate  in order to
protect  the  Conversion   Rights  of  the  holders  of  the  Preferred  against
impairment.

           (D) Upon the  occurrence of each  adjustment or  readjustment  of the
Conversion  Rate for any series  pursuant to this Section 9, the  Corporation at
its expense shall promptly compute such adjustment or readjustment in accordance
with the terms hereof and furnish to each holder of shares of Series A Preferred

<PAGE>


Stock a certificate setting forth such adjustment or readjustment and showing in
detail the facts  upon  which such  adjustment  or  readjustment  is based.  The
Corporation  shall, upon the written request at any time of any holder of Series
A  Preferred  Stock,  furnish  or cause to be  furnished  to such  holder a like
certificate  setting  forth (i) such  adjustments  and  readjustments,  (ii) the
Conversion Rate at the time in effect,  and (iii) the number of shares of Common
Stock and the  amount,  if any,  of other  property  which at the time  would be
received upon the conversion of the Series A Preferred Stock.

           (E) In the event that the Corporation shall propose at any time:

                (i) to declare  any  dividend  or  distribution  upon its Common
Stock,  whether in cash, property,  stock or other securities,  whether or not a
regular cash dividend and whether or not out of earnings or earned surplus;

                (ii) to offer for  subscription  pro rata to the  holders of any
class or  series of its  stock  any  additional  shares of stock of any class or
series or other rights;

                (iii) to effect any reclassification or recapitalization of its 
Common Stock outstanding involving a change in the Common Stock; or

                (iv) to merge or consolidate with or into any other corporation,
or sell, lease or convey all or substantially  all its property or business,  or
to liquidate, dissolve or wind up;

then,  in connection  with each such event,  the  Corporation  shall send to the
holders of the  Series A  Preferred  Stock at least ten (10) days prior  written
notice  of the  date on  which a  record  shall  be  taken  for  such  dividend,
distribution  or  subscription  rights  (and  specifying  the date on which  the
holders of Common Stock shall be entitled thereto) or for determining  rights to
vote in respect of the matters  referred  to in (i) and (ii)  above;  and in the
case of the matters  referred to in (iii) and (iv) above, at least ten (10) days
prior written notice of the date when the same shall take place (and  specifying
the date on which the  holders of Common  Stock  shall be  entitled  to exchange
their  Common  Stock  for  securities  or other  property  deliverable  upon the
occurrence of such event).  Each such notice shall be given by first class mail,
postage  prepaid,  addressed  to the holders of Series A Preferred  Stock at the
address for each such holder as shown on the books of the Corporation.

      Section 10. Amendment. The Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation
shall not be amended in any manner  which would  materially  alter or change the
powers,  preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred  Stock so as to
affect them adversely  without the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a
majority of the  outstanding  shares of Series A Preferred Stock voting together
as a single class.


<PAGE>


      IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  we have executed and subscribed this Certificate and
od affirm the  foregoing as true under the penalties of perjury this day of May,
1993.



                                      ____________________________________
                                      Gordon A. Campbell,
                                      President and Chief Executive Officer

Attest:



________________________
Nancy Dusseau, Secretary

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.1
<SEQUENCE>3
<DESCRIPTION>AMENDED AND RESTATED 1985 STOCK OPTION PLAN
<TEXT>


                              AMENDED AND RESTATED
                          CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                             1985 STOCK OPTION PLAN

         1. Purpose. The Chips and Technologies, Inc., 1985 Stock Option Plan
was adopted on January 11, 1985 (the "Prior Plan"). On January 8, 1987, the
Prior Plan was amended and restated as set forth herein (the "Plan"). The Plan
is established to create additional incentive for key employees, directors, and
consultants of Chips and Technologies, Inc. and any present or future parent
and/or subsidiary corporations of such corporation (collectively referred to as
the "Company") to promote the financial success and progress of the Company. For
purposes of the Plan, a parent corporation and a subsidiary corporation shall be
as defined in sections 425(e) and 425(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (referred to herein as the "Code" or the "1986 Code"). The Internal
Revenue Code of 1954 as amended prior to the Tax Reform Act of 1986, shall be
referred to herein as the "1954 Code."

         2. Administration. The Plan shall be administered by the Board of
Directors (the "Board") and/or by a duly appointed committee of the Board having
such powers as shall be specified by the Board. Any subsequent references to the
Board shall also mean the committee if it has been appointed. All questions of
interpretation of the Plan or of any options granted under the Plan (an
"Option") shall be determined by the Board, and such determinations shall be
final and binding upon all persons having an interest in the Plan and/or any
Option. Options may be either incentive stock options as defined in section 422A
of the Code (including any future amendments or replacements of such section)
("Incentive Stock Options") or nonqualified stock options.

         3. Eligibility.

                 (a) Eligible Persons. The Options may be granted only to
employees (including officers), directors and consultants of the Company;
provided, however, that a director of the Company shall not be eligible to
receive an Option unless the Board has appointed a committee to administer the
Plan and the director is not a member of such committee. The Board shall, in the
Board's sole discretion, determine which persons shall be granted Options (an
"Optionee"). A director or consultant of the Company shall be eligible to be
granted only a nonqualified stock option unless the director or consultant is
also an employee of the Company. An Optionee may, if otherwise eligible, be
granted additional Options.

                 (b) Fair Market Value Limitation. The aggregate fair market
value of the stock for which an Optionee may be granted Incentive Stock Options
in any calendar year under all stock option plans of the Company, including the
Plan, shall, (i) for Options granted before January 1, 1987, comply with the
limitations set forth in section 422A(b)(8) of the 1954 Code (i.e., shall not
<PAGE>

exceed One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000) plus any unused limit carryover
to such year determined in accordance with section 422A(c)(4) of the 1954 Code)
and (ii) for Options granted after December 31, 1986, comply with the
limitations set forth in section 422A(b)(7) of the 1986 Code (i.e., shall not
become exercisable for the first time during any calendar year at a rate in
excess of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000)). Such limitations as applied
to an Incentive Stock Option shall be referred to as the "fair market value
limitation." In the event of an amendment to section 422A of the Code, this
paragraph 3(b) shall be automatically amended to make this provision no more
restrictive to the Optionee than necessary to ensure qualification of the
Incentive Stock Option as meeting the requirements of section 422A of the Code.
In the event an Optionee receives an Option intended to be an Incentive Stock
Option which is subsequently determined to have exceeded the fair market value
limitation, the Option shall be amended, if necessary in accordance with
applicable Treasury Regulations and rulings to preserve, as the first priority
to the maximum possible extent, the status of the Option as an Incentive Stock
Option and to preserve as a second priority, to the maximum possible extent, the
total number of shares of Stock subject to the Option.

         4. Shares Subject to Option. The maximum number of shares which may be
issued under the Plan shall be 17,200,000 shares of the Company's authorized but
unissued common stock, subject to adjustment as provided in Paragraph 7 below.
In the event that any outstanding Option for any reason expires or is terminated
and/or shares subject to repurchase are repurchased by the Company, the shares
of common stock allocable to the unexercised portion of such Option, or so
repurchased, may again be subjected to an Option.

         5. Time for  Granting  Options.  All Options  shall be granted,  if at
all, within ten (10) years from January 11, 1985.

         6. Terms, Conditions and Form of Options. Subject to the provisions of
the Plan, the Board shall determine for each Option (which need not be
identical) the number of shares for which the Option shall be granted, the
option price of the Option, the exercisability of the Option, whether the Option
is a nonqualified stock option or an Incentive Stock Option, and all other terms
and conditions of the Option not inconsistent with this Paragraph 6. Options
granted pursuant to the Plan shall be evidenced by written agreements specifying
the number of shares covered thereby, in such form as the Board shall from time
to time establish, and shall comply with and be subject to the following terms
and conditions:

       (a)       Option Price.  The option price shall be determined as follows:

                 (1) for Incentive Stock Options, the option price shall be not
less than the fair market value, as determined by the Board, of the shares of
common stock of the Company on the date of the granting of the Option;

                 (2) for an Optionee who at the time the Option is granted owns
stock possessing more than ten percent (10%) of the total combined voting power
of all classes of stock of the Company within the meaning of section 422A(b)(6)
of the Code and/or ten percent (10%) of the total combined value of all classes
of stock of the Company within the meaning of section 422A(b)(6) of the Code (a
"Ten Percent Owner Optionee"), the option price for

<PAGE>

any Option granted to such Ten Percent Owner Optionee shall not be less than one
hundred ten percent (110%) of the fair market value of the shares on the date
the Option is granted; and

                 (3) the option price for nonqualified stock options shall be
determined by the Board on the date the option is granted (i) for persons who
are subject to Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
shall not be less than the fair market value, as determined by the Board, of the
shares of common stock of the Company on the date of the granting of the Option
and (ii) for persons who are not subject to Section 16 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and may be less than the fair market value of
the common stock of the Company on the date of the granting of the Option, but
in no event shall the option price be less than the par value of the shares.

                 (b) Exercise Period of Options. The Board shall have the power
to set the time or times within which each Option shall be exercisable or the
event or events upon the occurrence of which all or a portion of each Option
shall be exercisable and the term of each Option; provided, however, that (i) no
Option intended to be an Incentive Stock Option shall be exercisable after the
expiration of ten (10) years after the date such Option is granted; (ii) no
Option intended to be a nonqualified stock option shall be exercisable after the
expiration of ten (10) years and one (1) month after the date such Option is
granted, and (iii) no Option granted to a Ten Percent Owner Optionee shall be
exercisable after the expiration of five (5) years from the date such Option is
granted.

                 (c) Payment of Option Price. Payment of the option price for
the number of shares being purchased pursuant to any Option shall be made (1) in
cash or cash equivalent, (2) by tender to the Company of shares of the Company's
common stock which (i) either have been owned by the Optionee for more than six
(6) months or were not acquired, directly or indirectly, from the Company, and
(ii) have a fair market value, as determined by the Board, not less than the
option price, or (3) if specifically permitted by the Board and set forth in the
Optionee's Option, by the Optionee's promissory note if the Optionee is an
employee and/or director of the Company at the time the Option is granted. The
Board may at any time or from time to time, by adoption of or by amendment to
the standard form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement set forth in Paragraph
6(f) below, or by other means, grant options which do not permit all of the
foregoing forms of consideration to be used in payment of the option price
and/or which otherwise restrict one (1) or more forms of consideration.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, an Option may not be exercised by the tender of
the Company's common stock to the extent such tender of stock would constitute a
violation of the provisions of Section 160 of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, or the corresponding provisions of other applicable law. In the event the
Board permits the exercise of an Option in whole or in part by means of the
Optionee's promissory note, the Board shall determine the provisions of such
note; provided, however, that such note shall not represent more than the lesser
of (1) one hundred percent (100%) of the option price or (2) the maximum amount
permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law or other applicable law,
the principal shall be due and payable not more than five (5) years after the
Option is granted, and interest shall be payable at least annually and be at
least equal to the minimum interest rate to avoid imputed interest pursuant to
all applicable sections of the Code. The Board shall have the authority from
<PAGE>

time to time to permit the Optionee to secure any promissory note used to
exercise an Option with collateral other than the Company's common stock.

                 (d) Sequential Exercise Limitation. An Incentive Stock Option
granted before January 1, 1987, shall not be exercisable if there is
outstanding, within the meaning of section 422A of the 1954 Code, any other
Incentive Stock Option (as defined in the 1954 Code) which was granted to the
Optionee by the Company prior to the grant of the Option. The foregoing
restriction on exercise shall not apply to any option granted after December 31,
1986. In the event of an amendment to section 422A of the Code, this Paragraph
6(d) shall be automatically amended to make this provision no more restrictive
to the Optionee than necessary if there is outstanding, within the meaning of
section 422A of the 1954 Code, any other Incentive Stock Option (as defined in
the 1954 Code) which was granted to the Optionee by the Company prior to the
grant of the Option. The foregoing restriction on exercise shall not apply to
any option granted after December 31, 1986. In the event of an amendment to
section 422A of the Code, this Paragraph 6(d) shall be automatically amended to
make this provision no more restrictive to the Optionee than necessary ions.
Unless otherwise provided for by the Board at the time an Option is granted, an
Option designated by the Board as an Incentive Stock Option shall comply with
and be subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the form of Incentive
Stock Option Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A and incorporated herein by
reference.

                (ii) Authority to Vary Terms. The Board shall have the authority
from time to time to vary the terms of the option agreement set forth as Exhibit
A either in connection with the grant of an individual Option or in connection
with the authorization of a new standard form or forms; provided, however, that
the terms and conditions of such option agreement or agreements shall be in
accordance with the terms of the Plan. Such authority shall include, but not by
way of limitation, the authority (A) to grant Options which are not immediately
exercisable, and (B) for Options which are intended to be nonqualified stock
options, to eliminate those provisions set forth in Exhibit A required to
satisfy the provisions of section 422A of the Code.

         7. Effect of Change in Stock Subject to Plan. Appropriate adjustments
shall be made in the number and class of shares of stock subject to this Plan
and to any outstanding Options and in the exercise price of any outstanding
Options in the event of a stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split,
combination, reclassification or like change in the capital structure of the
Company.

         8.  Provision  of  Information.  Each  Optionee  shall be given  access
to information concerning the Company equivalent to that information generally

made available to the Company's common shareholders.

         9. Assignment of Repurchase Option. In the event that the Company is
unable, pursuant to Section 160 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the
corresponding provisions of other applicable law, to exercise its Unvested Share
Repurchase Option (as defined in the Incentive Stock Option Agreement) to

<PAGE>

repurchase any unvested shares purchased pursuant to an Option and if the fair
market value of the stock to be repurchased is greater than the repurchase
price, the Board may assign such Unvested Share Repurchase Option to one or more
persons as it may select, provided that the Company shall receive aggregate cash
consideration for such assignment equal to or greater than the fair market value
of the stock which may be repurchased under such Unvested Share Repurchase
Option (as determined by the Board) minus the repurchase price of such stock.
The requirements of this Paragraph 9 regarding the minimum consideration to be
received by the Company shall not inure to the benefit of the Optionee whose
shares are being repurchased so that failure by the Company to comply with the
provisions of this Paragraph 9 shall not be available to such Optionee as a
defense or otherwise to prevent the repurchase of the Optionee's unvested stock
by an assignee of the Unvested Share Repurchase Option.

         10. Transfer of Control. A "Transfer of Control" shall be deemed to
have occurred in the event any of the following occurs with respect to the
Control Company. For purposes of applying this Paragraph 10, the "Control
Company" shall mean the corporation whose stock is subject to the Option.

                 (a) the direct or indirect sale or exchange by the shareholders
of the Control Company of all or substantially all of the stock of the Control
Company where the shareholders of the Control Company before such sale or
exchange do not retain, directly or indirectly, at least a majority of the
beneficial interest in the voting stock of the Control Company;

                 (b) a merger in which the shareholders of the Control Company
before such merger do not retain, directly or indirectly, at least a majority of
the beneficial interest in the voting stock of the Control Company; or

                 (c) the sale, exchange, or transfer of all or substantially all
of the Control Company's assets (other than a sale, exchange, or transfer to one
or more corporations where the shareholders of the Control Company before such
sale, exchange or transfer retain, directly or indirectly, at least a majority
of the beneficial interest in the voting stock of the corporation(s) to which
the assets were transferred). In the event of a Transfer of Control, the Board,
in its sole discretion, shall either (i) provide that any unexercisable portion
of the Option shall be immediately exercisable as of a date prior to the
Transfer of Control, as the Board so determines, or (ii) arrange with the
surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing corporation, as the case may be,
that such corporation either assume the Company's rights and obligations under
outstanding Stock Option Agreements or substitute an option for such
corporation's stock for such outstanding Options. Any Options which are neither
exercised as of the date of the Transfer of Control nor assumed by the
surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing corporation, as the case may be,
shall terminate effective as of the date of the Transfer of Control.

         11. Termination or Amendment of Plan. The Board may terminate or amend
the Plan at any time; provided, however, that without the approval of the
Company's shareholders, there shall be (i) no increase in the total number of
shares covered by the Plan (except by operation of the provisions of Paragraph 7
<PAGE>

above), and (ii) no change in the class of persons eligible to receive Options.
In any event, no amendment may adversely affect any then outstanding Option or
any unexercised portion thereof, without the consent of the Optionee, unless
such amendment is required to enable the Option to qualify as an incentive stock
option (as defined in the Code).

         12. Continuation of Prior Plan as to Outstanding Options.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, the terms of
the Prior Plan shall remain in effect and apply to Options granted pursuant to
the Prior Plan.


<PAGE>

                             STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

                                    BETWEEN

                          CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                      AND

                             [[firstname lastname]]

                          GRANT NUMBER [[grantnumber]]

         You have been granted an option under the Amended and Restated Chips
and Technologies, Inc. 1985 Stock Option Plan (the "Plan"). This Agreement
describes the terms and conditions of your option (the "Agreement").

NUMBER OF SHARES               Your option is for shares shares of
                               the common stock of Chips and Technologies,
                               Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Chips").

OPTION PRICE                   You may purchase your option shares for
                               optionprice per share, which was the closing
                               price of the common stock of Chips on
                               [[grantdate]].

TYPE OF OPTION                 This option is intended to be a
                               nonqualified stock option and will not be
                               treated as an incentive stock option as
                               provided in section 422 of the Internal
                               Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
                               "Code").

GRANT DATE                     The "Grant Date" of your option is
                               grantdate. This is the date the Board of
                               Directors of Chips approved your option
                               grant.

INITIAL VESTING DATE           The  "Initial  Vesting  Date"  of  your
                               option  is [[period1vestdate]]. This is the
                               date your option begins to vest.

EXERCISABILITY                 You may exercise your option immediately in
                               its entirety after the Grant Date. However,
                               if you buy unvested option shares, they may
                               not be sold or otherwise transferred until
                               they become vested (see Right of Repurchase
                               below).

TERM                           Your option will expire on
                               [[period1expiredate]], unless your employment
                               with Chips (or a parent corporation or
                               subsidiary corporation of Chips as defined in
                               section 424 of the Code) is terminated as
                               explained below, or unless Chips is involved
                               in a "transfer of control" transaction
                               as explained below.

VESTING OF OPTIONS             On the Initial Vesting Date,
                               period1sharesvesting shares of the option
                               will be vested.


<PAGE>
                               Thereafter, 1/48th of the option shares will
                               vest for eachfull month of your continuous
                               employment with Chips from the Initial
                               Vesting Date. Your option stops vesting when
                               your employment with Chips (or a parent
                               corporation or subsidiary corporation of
                               Chips) terminates. Vesting during an approved
                               leave of absence is governed by the
                               applicable Leave of Absence Policy in effect
                               at the time you go on leave.

RIGHT OF REPURCHASE            You can buy shares that have
                               not yet vested. The number of shares you buy
                               over and above your vested shares are
                               "unvested shares." They may not be sold or
                               otherwise be transferred until they become
                               vested.

                               If your employment with Chips (or a parent
                               corporation or subsidiary corporation of
                               Chips) terminates for any reason, with or
                               without cause while you are holding unvested
                               shares, or if you or your legal
                               representative attempts to sell, exchange,
                               transfer, pledge, or otherwise dispose of any
                               unvested shares (other than pursuant to an
                               ownership change), Chips may buy those
                               unvested shares back from you at the option
                               price you originally paid. If Chips wishes to
                               exercise its right to repurchase the unvested
                               shares, it must give you notice within 60
                               days after (i) the termination of your
                               employment or exercise of the option, if
                               later, or (ii) Chips has received notice of
                               the attempted disposition. Chips must
                               exercise its right to repurchase the unvested
                               shares, if at all, for all of the unvested
                               shares, except as Chips and you otherwise
                               agree. However, Chips will allow you to
                               transfer your unvested shares to your
                               ancestors, descendents, spouse or to a
                               trustee for their benefit, provided, that the
                               transferee agrees in writing to take the
                               shares subject to Chips' right of repurchase.
                               In the event Chips is unable to exercise the
                               right of repurchase under the provisions of
                               Section 160 of the Delaware General
                               Corporation Law, or the corresponding
                               provisions of other applicable law, Chips has
                               the right to assign the right of repurchase
                               to one or more persons as may be selected by
                               Chips' Board of Directors.

                               To ensure that the unvested shares will be
                               available for repurchase, you are required to
                               deposit the certificate for the shares with
                               an escrow agent designated by Chips under the
                               terms and conditions of an escrow agreement
                               approved by Chips.

<PAGE>

                               If Chips exercises its right to repurchase
                               your unvested shares, payment by Chips to the
                               escrow agent on behalf of you or your legal
                               representative will be make in cash within 60
                               days after the date of the mailing of the
                               written notice. For purposes of this payment,
                               cancellation of any outstanding promissory
                               note that you have previously delivered to
                               Chips will be treated as payment in cash to
                               the extent of the unpaid principle and any
                               accrued interest canceled. Within 30 days
                               after payment by Chips, the escrow agent will
                               give the shares which Chips has purchase to
                               Chips and give the payment received from
                               Chips to you.

                               The certificates for unvested shares have
                               stamped on them a special legend referring to
                               Chips' right of repurchase. As you vesting
                               percentage increases, you may request, at
                               reasonable intervals, the Chips exchange
                               those legended shares which have vested for
                               shares that are freely transferable.

TRANSFER OF
CONTROL                        The following events constitute an
                               "ownership change" of Chips: (1) the direct
                               or indirect sale or exchange by Chips'
                               stockholders of all or substantially all of
                               Chips' stock; (2) a merger in which Chips is
                               a party; or (3) the sale, exchange, or
                               transfer of all or substantially all of
                               Chips' assets (other than a sale, exchange,
                               or transfer to one or more corporations where
                               Chips' stockholders before such sale,
                               exchange, or transfer retain, directly or
                               indirectly, at least a majority of the
                               beneficial interest in the voting stock of
                               the corporation(s) to which the assets were
                               transferred).

                               A "transfer of control" of Chips means an
                               ownership change in which Chips' stockholders
                               before such ownership change do not retain,
                               directly or indirectly, at least a majority
                               of the beneficial interest in Chips' voting
                               stock.

                               In the event of a transfer of control, Chips'
                               Board of Directors, in its sole discretion,
                               will either (i) provide that all shares
                               acquired on exercises of your option become
                               vested shares effective upon the transfer of
                               control, or (ii) arrange with the surviving,
                               continuing, successor, or purchasing
                               corporation, as the case may be, that such
                               corporation assume Chips' rights and
                               obligations under this Agreement. Your option
                               will terminate effective as of the date of
                               the transfer of control to the extent that

<PAGE>

                               your option is neither exercised as of the
                               date of the transfer of control nor assumed
                               by the surviving, continuing, successor, or
                               purchasing corporation, as the case may be.

REGULAR
TERMINATION                    If your employment with Chips (or a parent
                               corporation or subsidiary corporation of
                               Chips) terminates for any reason with or
                               without cause, your option, to the extent
                               unexercised, will expire on the date of
                               termination.

RESTRICTIONS ON
RESALE:  GENERAL               You may not sell shares (that you
                               acquire by exercising your option) at any
                               time you are in possession of material inside
                               information. In addition, sales of shares
                               that you acquire by exercising your option
                               will be governed by Chips' employee trading
                               policy, as in effect at the time of the
                               proposed sale.

RESTRICTIONS ON
RESALE:                        OFFICERS If you are an officer of Chips,
                               shares that you acquire by exercising your
                               option may only be sold during the officer's
                               trading window. This window commences on the
                               third day following the release of quarterly
                               financial results and ends ten business days
                               thereafter, unless extended by Chips'
                               President or Chief Financial Officer.

NOTICE OF EXERCISE             When you wish to exercise your option, you
                               must send an executed Notice of Exercise to:

                                              Chips and Technologies, Inc.
                                              3050 Zanker Road
                                              San Jose, CA  95134
                                              Attn:  Financial Services  1-7

                               Your notice must specify how many whole
                               shares you wish to purchase, and must contain
                               such representation and agreements as to your
                               investment intent with respect to the shares
                               as may be required by Chips. Your notice must
                               be delivered in person or by certified mail
                               to Chips' Stock Administrator prior to the
                               expiration date of the term of the Option,
                               accompanied by an executed copy of the then
                               current form of escrow instructions, if you
                               are exercising your option for unvested
                               shares, and full payment of the option price
                               for the number of shares being purchased. The
                               notice of Exercise is effective when it is
                               received by Chips. Chips will not be required
                               to issue fractional shares upon the exercise
                               of your option.

<PAGE>

FORM OF PAYMENT                When you submit your Notice of Exercise, you
                               must include payment of the option price for
                               the number of shares you are purchasing.
                               Payment may be made in one (or a combination
                               of two or more) of the following forms:

                               - Your personal check, a cashier's check or a
                               money order.

                               - Irrevocable directions to a securities
                               broker approved by Chips to sell your option
                               shares and to deliver all or a portion of the
                               sale proceeds to Chips in payment of the
                               option price. (The balance of the sales
                               proceeds, if any, will be delivered to you.)
                               The directions must be given by signing a
                               form provided by Chips.

WITHHOLDING TAXES              In order to exercise your option, you must
                               make arrangements to pay any federal and
                               state withholding taxes that may be due as a
                               a result of the option exercise. In the
                               future, at any time requested by Chips, you
                               must make arrangements to pay any federal or
                               state withholding taxes that may be due as a
                               result of any transfer of any shares acquired
                               on exercise of your option, the operation of
                               any federal or state law providing for the
                               imputation of interest, or the lapse of any
                               restriction with respect to any shares
                               acquired on exercise of your option.

CERTIFICATE
REGISTRATION                   The certificate or certificates issued upon
                               the exercise of your option will be
                               registered in your name.

RESTRICTION ON
GRANT OF OPTION
AND ISSUANCE OF
SHARES
                               The grant of your option and the issuance of
                               shares upon the exercise of the option is
                               subject to compliance with all applicable
                               requirements of federal or state law with
                               respect to such securities. Your option may
                               not be exercised if the issuance of shares
                               upon such exercise would constitute a
                               violation of any applicable federal or state
                               securities law or other law or regulations.
                               As a condition to the exercise of your
                               option, Chips may require you to make any
                               representation or warranty to Chips as may be
                               necessary or appropriate to evidence
                               compliance with any applicable law or
                               regulation. Chips may place legends on the
                               certificates for your option shares referring
                               to any applicable federal or state securities
                               law restrictions.
<PAGE>


TRANSFER OF OPTION             Prior to your death, only you may exercise
                               your option, and you can not transfer or
                               assign your option. However, you may dispose
                               of your option in your will.

                               Regardless of any marital property settlement
                               agreement, Chips is not obligated to honor a
                               Notice of Exercise from your former spouse,
                               nor is Chips obligated to recognize your
                               former spouse's interest in your option in
                               any other way.

STOCK DIVIDENDS                If, from time to time, there is any stock
                               dividend, stock split, or other change in the
                               character or amount of any of Chips'
                               outstanding stock, then in such event any and
                               all new substituted or additional securities
                               to which you are entitled by reason of your
                               ownership of the shares acquired upon
                               exercise of your option will be immediately
                               subject to Chips' right of repurchase with
                               the same force and effect a the shares
                               subject to the right of repurchase
                               immediately before such event. (See Right of
                               Repurchase above).

EMPLOYEE RIGHTS                Your option or this Agreement
                               do not give you the right to be retained as
                               an employee by Chips (or a parent corporation
                               or subsidiary corporation of Chips). Chips
                               reserves the right to terminate your
                               employment at any time, with or without
                               cause.

STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS             You, or your estate or heirs, have no rights
                               as a stockholder of Chips until a certificate
                               for your option shares has been issued. No
                               adjustments are made for dividends or other
                               rights if the applicable record date occurs
                               prior to the date your stock certificate is
                               issued, except in the event of a change in
                               the stock subject to the Plan as described in
                               the Plan.

APPLICABLE LAW                 This Agreement will be interpreted and
                               enforced under the laws of the State of
                               California.

OTHER AGREEMENTS               The text of the Plan is incorporated in this
                               Agreement by reference. This Agreement and
                               the Plan constitute the entire understanding
                               between you and Chips regarding your option.
                               Any prior agreements, understandings,
                               commitments, or negotiations concerning your
                               option are superseded.

AMENDMENT                      Chips may at any time amend or terminate the
                               Plan and/or your option. However, no


<PAGE>

                               amendment or termination may adversely affect
                               your option without your consent.

TIME OF EXPIRATION             Whenever there is a reference in this
                               Agreement to a date when your option expires,
                               the option will expire on that date at 5:00
                               p.m. local time in San Jose, California.

       By signing this Agreement, you agree to all of the terms and conditions
described above and in the Plan, including Chips' right to repurchase unvested
shares.



                                   CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                                   BY:_____________________________

                                       JAMES STAFFORD, PRESIDENT AND
                                       CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER



                                    OPTIONEE
                                    BY:____________________________





</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.18
<SEQUENCE>4
<DESCRIPTION>RESTATED SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>

                        RESTATED SECURED PROMISSORY NOTE


$1,615,000.00                                              Sunnyvale, California
                                                                  March 31, 1994

     FOR VALUE RECEIVED, each of the undersigned (collectively,  the "Obligors")
promises  to pay  to  Chips  and  Technologies,  Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation
("Chips"),  or  order,  at such  place or  places as Chips may from time to time
designate in writing, the principal sum of $1,615,000.00.  Interest shall accrue
from  September 24, 1993 on the unpaid  principal sum at the rate of ten percent
(10%) per annum,  compounded monthly, but in no event shall the interest rate be
greater than the maximum amount which may be charged under applicable law.

     The Obligors shall make payments in four equal  installments of $457,314.51
on each of March 31, 1994,  September 30, 1994, March 31, 1995 and September 30,
1995.  All  payments  shall be  applied  first to accrued  interest  and then to
principal.  All unpaid principal and interest remaining outstanding shall be due
and payable in full on September 30, 1995. At any time from the date hereof, any
Obligor  may prepay all or any  portion of the  principal  of this note  without
penalty.  This note shall be prepaid to the extent set forth in Section 2 of the
Security  Agreement (as defined below). Any prepayment shall be applied first to
accrued  and  unpaid  interest  and  then  to  the  principal  portion  of  each
installment in inverse order of maturity.

     If the  principal  and  interest are not paid in full when they become due,
the Obligors  agree to pay Chips,  in addition to such amounts owed  pursuant to
this note, all costs and expenses of collection,  including a reasonable sum for
attorneys' fees as fixed by a court of competent jurisdiction.

     The  Obligors'  obligations  under  this  note  are  secured  by a Loan and
Security  Agreement  of even date  herewith  between the Obligors and Chips (the
"Security  Agreement").  Each Obligor is jointly and severally liable hereunder.
The  obligations of the Obligors  under this Note are  guaranteed  pursuant to a
Secured  Continuing  Guarantee of even date herewith between Chips and Techfarm,
Inc.

     This note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of  California.  Acceptance of partial or delinquent  payment from any
Obligor  or the  failure  of the  holder  of this  note to  exercise  any  right
hereunder  shall not constitute a waiver of any obligation of any Obligor or any
right of the holder of this note  under  this note,  and shall not affect in any

<PAGE>

way the right to require full performance at any time  thereafter.  Presentment,
protest,  notice of protest  and notice of  dishonor  are hereby  waived by each
Obligor.

                                    CHIPS & TECHNOLOGIES JV
                                    CYPRUS LTD.



                                    By: /s/
                                    --------------------------------------------

                                    Title: /s/
                                    --------------------------------------------


                                    SUMMIT SYSTEMS JV


                                    By: /s/
                                    --------------------------------------------

                                    Title: /s/
                                    --------------------------------------------

<PAGE>

                    SECURED CONTINUING GUARANTEE

           This Secured Continuing Guarantee (the "Guarantee") is made this 31st
day of March, 1994 by and between Techfarm, Inc., a California corporation (the
"Guarantor") having its principal place of business located at 404 Tasman Drive,
Sunnyvale, CA 94089 and Chips and Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the "Lender"), having its principal offices located at 2950 Zanker Road, San
Jose, CA 95134.

                           R E C I T A L S

           A. The Lender has loaned to Chips & Technologies JV Cyprus Ltd. and
to Summit Systems JV (collectively, the "Debtors") the principal amount of
$1,615,000.00 (the "Loan") pursuant to a Restated Note dated as of March 31,
1994 (the "Note") and a Restated Loan and Security Agreement of the same date
(the "Security Agreement").

           B. The Lender is willing to extend credit to Debtors only if it
receives satisfactory assurances for the full and prompt performance and payment
by Debtors of all of their obligations to the Lender.

           C. Guarantor agrees that the provision of credit to Debtors will
benefit Guarantor. At the request of Debtors, and in order to induce the Lender
to extend credit to Debtors, Guarantor is willing to guarantee to the Lender
full and prompt performance and payment by Debtors of all of their obligations
to the Lender.

           FOR GOOD AND VALUABLE CONSIDERATION, the receipt and adequacy of
which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

           1.   Continuing Guarantee.

                1.1 Guarantee. The Guarantor hereby unconditionally, absolutely
and irrevocably guarantees to the Lender the full and indefeasible payment and
performance by each of the Debtors of each of their respective obligations to
the Lender, now existing or hereafter arising, including, without limitation,
the payment in full when due (whether at stated maturity, by acceleration, or
otherwise) of the principal of and interest on the Loan and all other amounts,
liabilities and indebtedness (whether for principal, interest, reimbursement,
fees, charges, indemnification, or otherwise) now or in the future owed to the
Lender by either Debtor under the Note, the Security Agreement, and any
renewals, extensions, amendments, or modifications thereof, in each case
strictly in accordance with the terms thereof (all of the foregoing, and all
other obligations and covenants to be performed by the Guarantor under this
Agreement, are collectively referred to herein as the "Obligations").

                1.2 Duration. Guarantor may revoke this Guarantee on written
notice to the Lender at any time after the full and indefeasible payment and
performance by each of the Debtors of each of their respective Obligations to
the Lender under the Note and the Security Agreement (such obligations, the
"Note Obligations"), but such revocation will not apply to any Obligations first
incurred prior to the effective date of such notice including, without
limitation, the Note Obligations, even if such Obligations are subsequently
modified or extended. Guarantor acknowledges that fluctuations in the amount of
Obligations are expected to occur, but that this Guarantee will not be
terminated prior to its expiration or written revocation.

<PAGE>

                1.3 Unconditional Nature. Guarantor hereby agrees this Guarantee
is unconditional and irrevocable and is effective immediately and will continue
to be in full force and effect regardless of whether Guarantor would have had
any defense as against the Lender under the law of suretyship or otherwise.
Guarantor is bound to the full and prompt performance and payment of all
Obligations as if such Obligations were directly owed to the Lender by
Guarantor. Guarantor shall remain liable under this Guarantee until the
Obligations incurred prior to the expiration or revocation of this Guarantee
have been discharged in full.

                1.4 Waiver. Guarantor waives, with full understanding of the
significance of such waivers, and with the agreement that such waivers are
reasonable and not contrary to public policy:

                     (a)  any requirement that the Lender give the Guarantor any

form of notice or demand to which Guarantor might otherwise be entitled in law
or equity, including notice of the amount of the Obligations outstanding from
time to time, notice of Debtors' financial condition, or notice of default;

                     (b)  any and all defenses available to Guarantor under the

statute of limitations, law of suretyship or otherwise including, without
limitation, any defense arising out of the absence or loss of any remedy of
Guarantor against Debtors, or any other defense or claim relating to the
exoneration or discharge of Debtors or any guarantors or sureties; any defense
arising out of the modification or extension of any Obligations, whether before
or after this Guarantee is revoked or expires, and any rights or defenses
arising under Sections 726, 580b and 580d of the California Code of Civil
Procedure, or any similar laws in other jurisdictions; and

                     (c)  any rights, by statute or otherwise, which require the

Lender to institute suit against Debtors or otherwise to exhaust the Lender's
rights and remedies against Debtors or any security securing any Obligation or
pursue any other remedy or enforce any other right before proceeding against
Guarantor under this Guarantee.

                1.5 Consents. Without limiting the generality of the waivers set
forth in Section 1.4, the Guarantor hereby expressly agrees that any or all of
the following actions may be taken without notice to the Guarantor and without
affecting the liability of the Guarantor under this Guarantee:

                     (a)  the terms of the Note or the Security Agreement may be

amended as provided for therein for the purpose of adding any provisions thereto
or changing in any manner the rights or obligations of the Debtors or the Lender
thereunder;

                     (b)  the time for the performance of or compliance with any

term of the Note or the Security Agreement by the Debtors (or either of them)
may be accelerated or extended or such performance or compliance may be waived
by the Lender;

                    (c) any collateral security, including, without limitation,
the Collateral (as defined in the Security Agreement), for all or any part of
the Obligations may be exchanged, surrendered or otherwise dealt with, and the
Lender's interest therein may be released and may or may not be perfected, all
as the Lender in its sole discretion may determine;

<PAGE>

                    (d) the Lender may discharge or release, in whole or in
part, the Debtors (or either of them), or any other entity liable for the
payment and performance of all or any part of the Obligations;

                     (e)  in addition to the Collateral, the Lender may take and

hold other security (legal or equitable) of any kind, at any time, as collateral
for the Obligations, and may, from time to time, in whole or in part, exchange,
sell, surrender, release, subordinate, modify, waive or extend such security and
may apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof; and

                     (f)  the Lender may exercise, or waive or otherwise refrain
from exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege (including the right to
accelerate the maturity of the Loan or any other Obligation) granted to the
Lender hereby, by the Note, by the Security Agreement, by any other applicable
security document or agreement, or by any applicable law, even if the exercise
or waiver of such right, remedy, power or privilege affects or eliminates any
right of the Guarantor against the Debtors (or either of them).

                1.6 Form and Amount of Obligations. Guarantor hereby consents
and agrees to the extension of credit to Debtors by the Lender, in the Lender's
sole discretion, and agrees to be bound by and to comply with all promises,
covenants and agreements of Debtors to the Lender. Guarantor understands and
agrees that the amount, manner, duration or any other term of the Obligations
may be changed, increased, extended, settled, waived or released without notice
to or the consent of the Guarantor. Guarantor agrees that any statement of
account that would bind Debtors will bind Guarantor.

                1.7 No Diminishment. The Lender shall have the sole right to
choose its remedies in enforcing the Obligations, including the taking or
releasing of any security, and to determine how and when to apply any payments
and credits to the Obligations. No such election by the Lender shall constitute
a waiver of the Lender's right to proceed in any other form of action or
proceeding or against any other parties unless the Lender has expressly waived
such right in writing.

                1.8  Subordination.  All indebtedness of Debtors now or
hereafter held by Guarantor is hereby subordinated to the indebtedness of
Debtors to the Lender.

                1.9  Subrogation.

                     (a)  Notwithstanding any other provision of this Guarantee
to the contrary, the Guarantor hereby unconditionally and irrevocably waives and
relinquishes any and all claims and other rights which the Guarantor may now
have or hereafter acquire against the Debtors (or either of them) or any other
guarantor that arise from the existence or performance of the Obligations under
this Guarantee or any other document, including without limitation, the Note or
the Security Agreement (all such claims and rights are referred to as
"Conditional Rights"), including, without limitation, any right of subrogation,
reimbursement, exoneration, contribution, or indemnification, any right to
participate in any claim or remedy of the Lender against the Debtors (or either
of them) or any Collateral which the Lender now has or hereafter acquires,
whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract,
statute or common law, by any payment made hereunder or otherwise, including,

<PAGE>

without limitation, the right to take or receive from the Debtors (or either of
them), directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by setoff or in any
other manner, payment or security on account of such claim or other rights. The
Guarantor hereby agrees that the Guarantor will not exercise any Conditional
Rights which it may acquire under this Guarantee or any other document or by any
payment made hereunder or otherwise, including, without limitation, the right to
take or receive from any other guarantor, directly or indirectly, in cash or
other property or by setoff or in any other manner, payment or security on
account of such Conditional Rights. If, notwithstanding the foregoing
provisions, any amount shall be paid to the Guarantor on account of any such
Conditional Rights and either (i) such amount is paid to the Guarantor at any
time when the Obligations shall not have been paid or performed in full, or (ii)
regardless of when such amount is paid to the Guarantor, any payment made by the
Debtors (or either of them) to the Lender is at any time determined to be a
Preferential Payment (as defined below), then such amount paid to the Guarantor
shall be held in trust for the benefit of the Lender and shall forthwith be paid
to the Lender to be credited and applied upon the Obligations.

                     (b)  To the extent that any of the provisions of
subparagraph  (a)  of  this  Section  1.9  shall  not be  enforceable,  the
Guarantor agrees that until such time as the Obligations have been  indefeasibly
paid and  performed in full and the period of time has expired  during which any
payment  made by the Debtors (or either of them) or the  Guarantor to the Lender
may be determined to be a Preferential  Payment,  the Conditional Rights, to the
extent not validly waived,  shall be fully  subordinate to the Lender's right to
full payment and  performance of the  Obligations,  and the Guarantor  shall not
enforce any  Conditional  Rights  until such time as the  Obligations  have been
indefeasibly  paid and  performed  in full and the  period  of time has  expired
during which any payment made by Debtors (or either of them) or the Guarantor to
the Lender may be determined to be a Preferential Payment.

                     (c)  For purposes of this Section 1.9, the term
"Preferential Payment" shall refer to any payment, voluntary or involuntary
(including  by way of  setoff),  by the  Debtors  (or  either  of  them)  or the
Guarantor to the Lender in respect of the Obligations,  all or any part of which
is  subsequently  invalidated,  declared to be fraudulent or  preferential,  set
aside or  required  to be  repaid  by the  recipient  thereof  or paid over to a
trustee,  receiver or any other  entity,  whether under the  bankruptcy  code or
otherwise.

                1.10 Debtors' Financial Condition. The Guarantor acknowledges
that it has, independently of an without reliance on the Lender, made its own
credit analysis of the Debtors and the collateral and performed its own legal
review of this Guarantee, the Note, the Security Agreement and all related
filings; and the Guarantor is not relying on the Lender with respect to any of
the aforesaid items. The Guarantor has established adequate means of obtaining
from the Debtors on a continuing basis financial and other information
pertaining to the Debtors' financial condition and the value of the Collateral.
The Guarantor agrees to keep adequately informed of any facts, events or
circumstances which might in any way affect the Guarantor's risks hereunder, and
the Guarantor further agrees that the Lender shall have no obligation to
disclose to the Guarantor information or material with respect to the Debtors or
any Collateral. The Guarantor acknowledges that its obligation hereunder will
not be affected by (a) the Lender's failure properly to create a lien on the
Collateral or any of it, (b) the Lender's failure to create or maintain a
priority with respect to the lien on or in the Collateral or any of it, or (c)
any act or omission to act on the part of the Lender (whether negligent or
otherwise) which adversely affects the value of the Collateral or any of it.

<PAGE>

                1.11 Debtors' Bankruptcy. Guarantor shall remain obligated to
perform promptly under this Guarantee if any Debtor should at any time become
insolvent or make a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or a
petition of bankruptcy or any insolvency or reorganization proceeding shall be
filed or commenced, by, against or in respect of any Debtor, notwithstanding any
stay or other prohibition preventing the Lender from proceeding against such
Debtor.

                1.12 Expenses. In addition to its guarantee hereunder of the
Obligations, the Guarantor hereby agrees to pay all interest accrued thereon
during, and all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys
fees) incurred or paid by the Lender in connection with the collection of the
Obligations and the enforcement of the rights of the Lender hereunder.

           2.   Representations and Warranties.

                2.1 Organization. The Guarantor is a corporation duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of California.

                2.2 Power and Authority. The execution, delivery and performance
by the Guarantor of this Guarantee are within the Guarantor's corporate powers
and have been duly authorized by all necessary action; do not contravene the
Guarantor's charter documents or any law or any contractual restriction binding
on or affecting the Guarantor or by which the Guarantor's property may be
affected, do not require any authorization or approval or other action by, or
any notice to or filing, registration or recording with, any governmental agency
or any other entity.

                2.3 Binding Effect. This Guarantee constitutes the legal, valid
and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable in accordance with its
terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be subject to or limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, arrangement, moratorium or other similar
laws relating to or affecting the rights of creditors and by general principles
of equity, and without defense, counterclaim or offset.

           3.   Miscellaneous.

                3.1 Governing Laws. The internal laws of the State of California
(irrespective of its choice of law principles) shall govern the validity,
interpretation and enforcement of this Guarantee. The Guarantor hereby submits
to the exclusive and personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in
Santa Clara County, California.

                3.2 Binding Upon Successors and Assigns. This Guarantee may not
be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the
Lender. Subject to the foregoing, each and all of the covenants, terms,
provisions, and agreements contained herein shall be binding upon, and inure to
the benefit of, the permitted successors, executors, heirs, representatives,
administrators and assigns of the parties hereto. This Guarantee may be
assigned, in whole or in part, by the Lender to any subsequent holder of all or
any portion of the Obligations.

<PAGE>

                3.3 Severability. If any provision of this Guarantee, or the
application thereof, shall for any reason and to any extent be invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Guarantee and application of such provision
to other persons or circumstances shall be interpreted so as best to reasonably
effect the intent of the parties hereto. The parties further agree to replace
such void or unenforceable provision of this Guarantee with a valid and
enforceable provision which will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic,
business and other purposes of the void or unenforceable provision.

                3.4 Entire Guarantee. This Guarantee constitutes the entire
understanding and agreement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject
matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements or
understandings, written or oral, between the parties with respect hereto. The
express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance or usage of
the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.

                3.5 Counterparts. This Guarantee may be executed in any number
of counterparts, each of which shall be an original as against any party whose
signature appears thereon and all of which together shall constitute one and the
same instrument.

                3.6 Amendment and Waiver. Any term or provision of this
Guarantee may be amended, and the observance of any term of this Guarantee may
be waived (either generally or in a particular instance and either retroactively
or prospectively) only by a writing signed by the Guarantor and the Lender. The
waiver by a party of any breach hereof for default in payment of any amount due
hereunder or default in the performance hereof shall not be deemed to constitute
a waiver of any other default or succeeding breach or default.

                3.7  No Waiver.  The failure of any party to enforce any of the
provisions hereof shall not be construed to be a waiver of the right of such
party thereafter to enforce such provisions.

                3.8  Attorneys' Fees. Should suit be brought to enforce
or interpret any part of this Guarantee, the prevailing party shall be entitled
to recover, as an element of the costs of suit and not as damages, reasonable
attorneys' fees to be fixed by the court (including without limitation, costs,
expenses and fees on any appeal).

                3.9  Notices. Any notices under this Guarantee shall be in
writing and shall be effective only if it is delivered by personal service or
mailed by prepaid first class mail, return receipt requested, addressed as set
forth on the first page hereof or to any new address given to the other party in
accordance with this Section 3.9. Guarantor agrees to inform the Lender promptly
of any change of the address to which notice should be sent. Notices to the
Lender shall be Attn: Chief Financial Officer, and notices to Guarantor shall be
Attn: Nancy Dusseau. Such communications shall be effective when they are
received by the addressee thereof, but if sent by first class mail in the manner
set forth above, they shall be effective five (5) days after being deposited in
the official mail.

<PAGE>

           IT WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Guarantee
as of the date first hereinabove written.

                               GUARANTOR:

                               TECHFARM, INC.

                               By:

                               Title: President


                               THE LENDER:

                               CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                               By:

                               Title: President and CEO

<PAGE>


                      RESTATED LOAN AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

     This Restated Loan and Security Agreement (this "Restated Security
Agreement") is made as of the 31st day of March, 1994 by and among Techfarm,
Inc., a California corporation, having its principal place of business at 404
Tasman, Sunnyvale, California 94089 (hereinafter called "Techfarm"), Chips &
Technologies JV Cyprus Ltd., a corporation formed under the laws of Cyprus
having its official place of business at P.O. Box 1687, Nicosia, Cyprus
(hereinafter "C&T Cyprus"), Summit Systems J.V., an organization originally
formed under the laws of the USSR, having its official place of business at
22210, Belarus Minsk District, Smolevishy Region, Minsk-2 Airport, Russia
(hereinafter "Summit") and Chips and Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation,
having its principal place of business at 2950 Zanker, San Jose, California
95134 (hereinafter called the "Secured Party"). C&T Cyprus and Summit are
collectively referred to as the "Debtors". Unless otherwise defined, the terms
used in this Restated Security Agreement shall have the meanings given them in
the California Uniform Commercial Code (the "Code").

                                R E C I T A L S

     WHEREAS, Techfarm purchased from the Secured Party, pursuant to an Asset
Purchase Agreement dated as of September 24, 1993 (the "Purchase Agreement"),
certain assets and businesses identified in the Purchase Agreement as Purchased
Assets (the "Purchased Assets") and Acquired Businesses (the "Acquired
Businesses"), respectively, and delivered to Secured Party, as part of the
consideration therefor, a promissory note in the principal amount of
$1,615,000.00 (the "Note") and a Security Agreement dated as of September 24,
1993 (the "Original Agreement"); and

     WHEREAS, the Secured Party and Techfarm have agreed that Techfarm shall be
removed as an obligor on the Note by execution and delivery of a Restated Note
of even date herewith (the "Restated Note"), the Debtors shall become
co-obligors with respect to its obligations under the Original Agreement as
provided in this Restated Security Agreement, and Techfarm shall guarantee the
Debtors' obligations under the Restated Note by delivering to Chips a Secured
Continuing Guarantee (the "Guarantee").

          On the basis of the foregoing and the mutual promises contained
herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

          Article 1.  Security Interest.

          1.1 Grant of Security Interest by Debtors. In consideration for
Secured Party's acceptance of the Note from the Debtors, and to secure the full,

<PAGE>

prompt and unconditional payment of all amounts due under the Restated Note
(including interest thereon accruing from September 24, 1993) and in connection
with any extension of credit by the Secured Party in favor of the Debtors
pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, including any extensions, amendments or
substitutions thereof, or any new advances under the Restated Note or the
Purchase Agreement, and the strict performance and observance by the Debtors of
all agreements, warranties and covenants of this Agreement (the "Obligations"),
(a) C&T Cyprus hereby pledges, assigns, transfers and grants to the Secured
Party, a continuing security interest under the Code in and to all the capital
stock or equity interests of Summit (or any successor to Summit formed after the
date hereof) now or hereafter owned by C&T Cyprus and (b) Summit hereby pledges,
assigns, transfers and grants to the Secured Party, a continuing security
interest under the Code in and to all assets of Summit including, without
limitation, all inventory, equipment, accounts, fixtures, chattel paper,
instruments and general intangibles now owned or hereafter acquired of Summit
(collectively, the "Debtors' Collateral"). The parties agree that the date of
grant of this security interest shall be deemed to be the date of the Original
Agreement, and that the security interest shall have continued in full force and
effect from such date.

          1.2 Grant of Security Interest by Techfarm. In consideration for
Secured Party's acceptance of the Note from the Debtors, and to secure the full,
prompt and unconditional payment of all amounts due under the Guarantee and the
strict performance and observance by Techfarm of all of its obligations
thereunder, Techfarm hereby pledges, assigns, transfers and grants to the
Secured Party, a continuing security interest under the Code in and to all the
capital stock or equity interests of C&T Cyprus (or any successor to C&T Cyprus
formed after the date hereof) now or hereafter owned by Techfarm (the "Techfarm
Collateral" and, together with the Debtors' Collateral, the "Collateral"). The
parties agree that the date of grant of this security interest shall be deemed
to be the date of the Original Agreement, and that the security interest shall
have continued in full force and effect from such date.

          1.3 Further Assurances. Each Debtor and Techfarm shall deliver to the
Secured Party all stock certificates evidencing the Collateral, together with
stock powers attached thereto endorsed in blank, as such certificates are
available. Each Debtor and Techfarm shall deliver to the Secured Party such
instruments, agreements, certificates and documents (including Uniform
Commercial Code financing statements and other documents or security agreements
required under the laws of the jurisdictions in which any Collateral is located)
as the Secured Party may reasonably request to perfect, maintain and evidence
the liens granted to the Secured Party by Sections 1.1 and 1.2 hereof, subject

<PAGE>

to no other liens or encumbrances of any kind other than any that may be agreed
to by the Secured Party in writing.

          1.4 Guarantee. Techfarm agrees to deliver to Secured Party upon
execution of this Agreement by all parties the Guarantee in substantially the
form attached hereto as Exhibit A.

          Article 2.  Covenants.

          2.1 Liens. Except for liens in favor of the Secured Party or
additional liens permitted by the Secured Party in writing, each Debtor shall
not mortgage, pledge or grant a lien upon any of the Debtors' Collateral, and
Techfarm shall not mortgage, pledge or grant a lien upon the Techfarm
Collateral.

          2.2 Maintenance of Collateral. Each Debtor and Techfarm shall perform
all acts that may be reasonably necessary to maintain, preserve, protect and
perfect the Collateral, the lien granted to the Secured Party therein and the
first priority of such lien; provided, however, nothing herein shall prevent the
sale of any Debtors' Collateral in the ordinary course of business other than
any equity interest in Summit.

          2.3 Insurance. To the extent any Debtor maintains property or
liability insurance with respect to its Collateral, it shall cause the Secured
Party to be named as loss payee on any such property insurance policy and as
additional insured on any liability policy.

          2.4 Mandatory Prepayment of the Restated Note. Each Debtor hereby
agrees that the principal and interest on the Restated Note shall become
immediately due and payable to the extent of cash proceeds (net of selling
expenses) received by Techfarm or any Debtor in connection with the following:

               (a) The sale or transfer by Techfarm of any of the Purchased
Assets or Acquired Businesses if Techfarm shall not immediately following such
sale obtain or retain, directly or indirectly, a material equity interest in
such purchaser or transferee (a "Transferee");

               (b) The sale or transfer by Techfarm of all or substantially all
of its equity interests in C&T Cyprus or a Transferee if immediately following
such sale Techfarm does not have, directly or indirectly, a material equity
interest in C&T Cyprus or such Transferee, as applicable;

<PAGE>

               (c) The sale or transfer by C&T Cyprus of all or substantially
all of its equity interests in Summit if immediately following such sale C&T
Cyprus does not have, directly or indirectly, a material equity interest in
Summit; or

               (d) The sale or transfer by Techfarm, any Debtor or any
Transferee of all or substantially all of the Purchased Assets or Acquired
Businesses owned by such person, if such party shall not immediately following
such sale obtain or retain, directly or indirectly, a material equity interest
in such purchaser or transferee;

provided, however, that no prepayment shall become due in connection with (1)
any sale of any Purchased Assets in the ordinary course of business, or (2) any
sale of immaterial portions of such Purchased Assets or Acquired Businesses.

          2.5 Prepayment in Full of the Restated Note. Each Debtor and Techfarm
hereby agrees that the principal and accrued interest on the Restated Note shall
become immediately due and payable in full upon the sale or transfer by all of
the original holders of capital stock of Techfarm of all or substantially all of
their stock of Techfarm unless simultaneously with such sale or transfer one or
more of such holders obtains or retains, directly or indirectly, a material
equity interest in such purchaser or transferee.

          2.6 Acquisition by C&T Cyprus of 100% Interest in Summit. Techfarm
agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to cause C&T Cyprus to acquire as
promptly as practicable one hundred percent (100%) of the ownership interests of
Summit.

          Article 3.  Default.

          3.1 Events of Default. The term "Event of Default," as used herein,
shall mean the occurrence and continuation of any one or more of the following
events:

               (a) Any Debtor shall fail to make any payment under the Restated
Note or this Restated Security Agreement within ten (10) days after such payment
is due in accordance with the terms thereof or hereof; or

               (b) Techfarm shall fail to make any payment under the Guarantee
within ten (10) days after such payment is due in accordance with the terms
thereof; or

<PAGE>

               (c) Techfarm or any Debtor shall fail to satisfy or comply with
any of the material terms or conditions of this Agreement to be performed by it
and such failure shall continue for thirty (30) days after written notice from
the Secured Party to Techfarm or such Debtor, as the case may be, specifying
such failure; or

               (d) Any of the representations or warranties set forth in Article
4 hereof shall prove to have been false or misleading in any material respect
when made, or shall have been breached and such breach shall continue for thirty
(30) days after written notice from the Secured Party to Techfarm or the
relevant Debtor specifying such breach; or

               (e) An "event of default" shall occur under any of the security
or other agreements securing the Obligations executed by Techfarm or any of the
Debtors; or

               (f) Techfarm or any Debtor shall voluntarily make an assignment
for the benefit of creditors or voluntarily commence proceedings under the
United States Bankruptcy Code or any other insolvency, receivership,
reorganization or debtor's relief law, or have any such proceedings instituted
against it that are not stayed or dismissed within ninety (90) days.

          3.2 Rights Upon Default. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default,
the Secured Party shall have the right to immediately demand payment of the
Restated Note and the other Obligations, to foreclose the security interest by
any available judicial procedure and to demand, sue for, collect or make any
compromise or settlement the Secured Party deems suitable in respect of any
Collateral, and to pursue any other remedy available to the Secured Party under
the Guarantee, under the Code or under other applicable law as enacted in any
jurisdiction in which the Collateral may be located.

          3.3 Costs and Attorneys' Fees. Each Debtor and Techfarm agrees to pay
all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) of
the Secured Party incidental to the sale of, or realization upon, any of the
Collateral or in any way relating to the enforcement or protection or
preservation of the rights of the Secured Party hereunder as against any Debtor
or Techfarm.

          3.4 Rights of Secured Party; No Waiver. The Secured Party shall have
all the rights of a Secured Party under the Code and, in addition, shall have
all the rights specified herein. No failure on the part of the Secured Party to
exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, remedy or power hereunder shall
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise by the

<PAGE>

Secured Party of any right, remedy or power hereunder preclude any other or
future exercise of any other right, remedy or power.

          3.5 Release of Security Interest. Upon payment in full of all
Obligations owed by Techfarm and the Debtors to the Secured Party, the security
interest in the Collateral granted under this Agreement shall terminate, and the
Secured Party agrees promptly to return to the appropriate party all stock
certificates evidencing the Collateral and to file any termination statements or
other documents evidencing the termination of such security interest.

          Article 4.  Representations and Warranties of Techfarm and Each
Debtor.  Techfarm and each Debtor represents and warrants to the Secured Party
as of the date hereof that:

          4.1 Title to Properties. To the best of its knowledge, and conditioned
upon the transfer of good title by Secured Party to Techfarm under the Purchase
Agreement, Techfarm and each Debtor has valid title to and ownership of all the
properties and assets purported to be owned by it, and a valid leasehold
interest in all the properties and assets leased by it, free from all mortgages,
pledges, liens, security interests, conditional sale agreements, encumbrances or
charges, except for the perfected security interest granted to the Secured Party
hereunder and the other liens as identified in the Purchase Agreement.

          4.2 Priority. To the extent the laws of the United States of America
or any state thereof govern the creation, perfection and effects of perfection
of the security interests granted hereunder, upon the Secured Party's receipt of
the certificates representing any capital stock pledged hereunder and the filing
of any applicable UCC financing statements, the security interests granted to
the Secured Party under this Agreement constitute a perfected security interest
in and lien on all of the Collateral, subject only to those liens identified in
the Purchase Agreement.

          4.3 Ownership of C&T Cyprus. Subject to any title defects that arose
on or prior to the transfer of the stock of C&T Cyprus to Techfarm, Techfarm
owns all but one share of the outstanding capital stock of C&T Cyprus,
consisting of 999 shares of Common Stock.

          4.4  Ownership of Summit.  C&T Cyprus owns approximately 95% of the
ownership interests of Summit.

<PAGE>

          Article 5.  Miscellaneous.

          5.1 Entire Contract. This Restated Security Agreement, the Restated
Note, the Purchase Agreement and the Guarantee constitute the entire contract
between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, and shall
supersede all prior agreements, including the Original Agreement. This Restated
Security Agreement may not be amended, modified or supplemented except by a
written agreement signed by each party.

          5.2 Severability. If one or more provisions of this Agreement are held
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable under applicable law, portions of such
provisions, or such provisions in their entirety, to the extent necessary, shall
be severed from this Agreement, and the balance of this Agreement shall be
enforceable in accordance with its terms.

          5.3 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given if hand delivered,
transmitted by telegram, telex or telecopy or mailed by registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, if to any Debtor at the address
of Techfarm indicated at the beginning of this Agreement and if to the Secured
Party at the address indicated at the beginning of this Agreement, or to such
other address as the person to whom notice is given may have previously
furnished to the other parties in writing in accordance herewith. Notices given
by telegram, telex or telecopy and any notices of change of address shall be
effective only upon receipt. All other notices sent by mail shall be effective
three (3) days after posting.

          5.4  Counterparts; Enforceability.  This Agreement may be executed in
two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of
which together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

          5.5 Governing Law. It is the intention of the parties hereto that the
internal laws of the State of California (irrespective of its choice of law
principles) shall govern the validity of this Agreement, the construction of its
terms, and the interpretation and enforcement of the rights and duties of the
parties hereto. The parties hereto acknowledge that certain actions may need to
be taken under the laws of jurisdictions other than California in order to carry
out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

<PAGE>

          5.6 Binding Upon Successors and Assigns. This Agreement and the rights
and obligations of the parties hereunder shall be binding upon, and inure to the
benefit of, the permitted successors and assigns of the parties hereto.

          5.7 Change of Address. Techfarm and each Debtor agree to notify the
Secured Party of any change of address of such person's principal place of
business.

          IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as
of the day and year first above written.

Techfarm:                         Secured Party:

TECHFARM, INC.                    CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

By:  /s/                          By: /s/
- -----------------------------     --------------------------------

Title: /s/                        Title: /s/
- -----------------------------     --------------------------------



CHIPS & TECHNOLOGIES JV CYPRUS    SUMMIT SYSTEMS JV

LTD.

By: /s/                           By: /s/
- -----------------------------     --------------------------------

Title: /s/                        Title: /s/
- -----------------------------     --------------------------------

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.19
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>PROMISSORY NOTE
<TEXT>



                             CHIPS LOGO GOES HERE


Chips and Technologies, Inc.

August 1, 1994


Mr. Keith Angelo
c/o Chips and Technologies, Inc.
2950 Zanker Road
San Jose, California

Dear Keith

     This will confirm our agreement, as follows:

     1.   Upon your execution of the attached promissory note, Chips will loan
you the amount of $100,000. The terms of repayment and forgiveness are set forth
in the promissory note.

     2.   Your employment with Chips is "at will;" either you or Chips may
terminate your employment at any time, with or without cause.

     3.   Neither you nor Chips may disclose, directly or indirectly, to any
person or entity, the fact or amount of Chips' loan to you or the lterms of the
promissory note, except as such disclosure may be required for tax or accounting
purposes, or as otherwise required by law.

     Please signify your acceptance of the foregoing terms by signing and
returning one copy of this letter. Please also be sure to contact your tax
advisor or an attorney concerning the tax consequences to you of this
transaction and of any loan foregiveness.

                                             Very truly yours,

                                             /s/  James F. Stafford
                                             -----------------------

                                             James F. Stafford
                                             President and CEO

<PAGE>




                                PROMISSORY NOTE

$100,000.00                                                San Jose, California
Due upon Demand                                                  August 1, 1994

         FOR VALUE RECEIVED, I, KEITH ANGELO, promise to pay to CHIPS AND
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. ("Chips"), or order, at San Jose, California, or at such
place or places as the holder of this Note may from time to time designate in
writing, the principal sum of One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000.00), with
interest compounded annually from the date hereof at the rate of the greater of
seven percent (7%) per annum or the minimum rate necessary to avoid the
imputation of interest under Section 7872 of the Internal Revenue Code.

         Except as stated above, such principal and accrued and unpaid interest
shall be paid in full within thirty (30) days of written demand by Chips. Chips
is entitled to demand full payment of outstanding and unforgiven principal and
accrued interest under the following circumstances:

                 (1)  Mr. Angelo voluntarily terminates his employment with
Chips before August 1, 1998;

                 (2) Chips terminates Mr. Angelo's employment for cause before
August 1, 1998. For the purposes hereof, "cause" shall mean: (i) embezzlement or
misappropriation of corporate assets; (ii) any unlawful or criminal activity;
(iii) willful refusal to carry out decisions or instructions of his supervisors;
(iv) deliberate violation of Chips' policies; (v) deliberate unauthorized
disclosure of Chips' trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary
information; or (vi) unsatisfactory performance of his job duties and
responsibilities.

                 (3) In the event Chips terminates Mr. Angelo's employment for
any reason other than those enumerated in (2) above, the Board of Directors
shall establish an appropriate repayment and/or forgiveness schedule.

         If on the following dates Mr. Angelo remains a full-time Chips
employee, Chips will forgive the amounts set forth below and all interest
accrued through that date:

                 August 1, 1995                     $25,000.00
                 August 1, 1996                     $25,000.00
                 August 1, 1997                     $25,000.00
                 August 1, 1998                     $25,000.00

         This Note may be prepaid at any time, in whole or in part, without
premium or penalty. Any such payment shall be credited first to interest then
accrued and the remainder to principal; and interest shall thereupon cease to

<PAGE>

accrue upon principal so credited. Principal and interest are payable in lawful
money of the United States.

         If any amount due under the terms of this Note is not paid in full, the
undersigned agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses of collection,
including attorneys' fees. The undersigned also waives presentment, demand,
protest, notice of protest, notice of dishonor, notice of nonpayment, any and
all other notices and demands in connection with the delivery, acceptance,
performance, default or enforcement of this Note. No delay by the holder hereof
in exercising any power or right hereunder shall operate as a waiver of any
power or right.

         This Note shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of California.

                                               /s/ Keith Angelo    8/1/94
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Keith Angelo

                                              CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.


                                              By  /s/ Jim Stafford
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Name /s/ Jim Stafford
                                              ----------------------------------
                                              Title   President and CEO
                                              ----------------------------------
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10.20
<SEQUENCE>6
<DESCRIPTION>INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR SERVICES AGREEMENT
<TEXT>


                   INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR SERVICES AGREEMENT

     THIS AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is entered into as of the 11th day of August,
1994 by and between CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC. ("Chips"), a Delaware
corporation, having its principal place of business at 2950 Zanker Road, San
Jose, California 95134, and JARRAT GLOBAL ENTERPRISES, INC. ("Contractor"),
having its principal place of business at 470 Quail Ridge Road, Scotts Valley,
CA 95066.

     1.   Engagement of Services.

          Contractor agrees to perform services for Chips as follows: Act as a
business advisor to Chips, including but not limited to (1) being a sounding
board to CEO and management team on critical business and organizational issues;
(2) engaging in monthly management business reviews and quarterly financial
reviews; (3) assisting with long range planning, including corporate missions
and strategy and (4) assisting with development of key U.S. and foreign
corporate partners as well as key customer and supplier relationships.

Chips selected Contractor to perform these services based upon Chips receiving
Henri Jarrat's personal service and therefore Contractor may not subcontract or
otherwise delegate its obligations under this Agreement without Chips' prior
written consent.

     2.   Compensation.

          Chips will pay Contractor a fee in the amount of Eight Thousand
Dollars ($8,000.00) per month for services rendered by Contractor pursuant to
this Agreement. In addition, Contractor will receive stock options in an amount
to be determined by the Compensation Committee of Chips' Board of Directors.
Contractor will be reimbursed for reasonable expenses incurred in connection
with the performance of services under this Agreement, provided those expenses
are approved by Chips' President or CFO. No travel expenses will be incurred by
Contractor without the prior written consent of Chips' President or CFO.

     3.  Independent Contractor Relationship.

         Contractor and Chips understand, acknowledge and agree that
Contractor's relationship with Chips will be that of an independent contractor,
and nothing in this Agreement is intended to or should be construed to create a
partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship. Neither party shall have
any right, power or authority to create any obligations, expressed or implied,
on behalf of the other. Chips will make no withholding or deductions from any

<PAGE>

compensation paid to Contractor for taxes, insurance or the like.

     4.  Confidential Information.

     4.1 Contractor represents that his performance of all of the terms of this
Agreement does not and will not breach any agreement to keep in confidence
proprietary information, knowledge or data of a third party and Contractor will
not disclose to Chips, or induce Chips to use, any confidential or proprietary
information belonging to third parties unless such use or disclosure is
authorized in writing by such owners.

     4.2 Contractor agrees during the term of this Agreement and thereafter to
take all steps reasonably necessary to hold in trust and confidence information
which he knows or has reason to know is considered confidential by Chips
("Confidential Information"). Contractor agrees to use the Confidential
Information solely to perform his duties hereunder. Confidential Information
includes, but is not limited to, technical and business information relating to
Chips' inventions or products, research and development, manufacturing and
engineering processes, and future business plans. Contractor's obligations with
respect to the Confidential Information also extend to any third party's
proprietary or confidential information disclosed to Contractor in the course of
providing services to Chips. This obligation shall not extend to any information
which becomes generally known to the public without breach of this Agreement.
This obligation shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

     5. No Conflict of Interest. Contractor agrees during the term of this
Agreement not to perform or accept work, enter into a contract, or accept an
obligation inconsistent or incompatible with Contractor's obligations or the
scope of services rendered for Chips under this Agreement. Unless Chips consents
in writing, Contractor will not engage in any work in any capacity for any
individual, company or entity that competes with Chips in any area or aspect of
Chips' business.

     6. Return of Chips' Property. Contractor acknowledges that Chips' sole and
exclusive property includes all documents, such as drawings, manuals, notebooks,
reports, sketches, records, business plans, contracts, computer programs,
employee lists, customer lists and the like in his custody or possession,
whether delivered to Contractor by Chips or made by Contractor in the
performance of services under this Agreement, relating to the business
activities of Chips or its customers or suppliers and containing any information
or data whatsoever, whether or not Confidential Information. Contractor agrees
to deliver promptly all of Chips' property and all copies of Chips' property in

<PAGE>

Contractor's possession to Chips at any time upon Chips' request, and in any
event immediately upon termination of this Agreement.

     7.  Termination - Noninterference with Business.

         7.1   Termination.  Either party may terminate this

Agreement at any time for any reason or for no reason upon thirty (30) days
prior written notice to the other party.

         7.2 Noninterference with Business. During and for a period of two (2)
years immediately following termination of this Agreement by either party,
Contractor agrees not to solicit or induce any employee or independent
contractor to terminate or breach an employment, contractual or other
relationship with Chips.

     8.  General Provisions.

         8.1 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of California as
applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within
California between California residents.

         8.2 Entire Agreement. Except to the extent there may be other
agreements relating solely to Henri Jarrat's service as a director of Chips, and
except for any agreements related to stock options granted to Henri Jarrat in
his capacity as a consultant for Chips, this Agreement constitutes the entire
agreement between the parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all
prior or simultaneous representations, discussions, negotiations, and
agreements, whether written or oral.

         8.3 Waiver. No term or provision hereof will be considered waived by
either party, and no breach excused by either party, unless such waiver or
consent is in writing signed on behalf of the party against whom the waiver is
asserted. No consent by either party to, or waiver of, a breach by either party,
whether express or implied, will constitute a consent to, waiver of, or excuse
of any other, different, or subsequent breach by either party.

         8.4 Assignment. Neither party may assign its rights or obligations
arising under this Agreement without the other's prior written consent.

         8.5 Legal Fees. If any dispute arises between the parties with respect
to the matters covered by this Agreement which leads to a proceeding to resolve
such dispute, the prevailing party in such proceeding shall be entitled to
receive its reasonable attorneys' fees, expert witness fees and out-of-pocket

<PAGE>

costs incurred in connection with such proceeding, in addition to any other
relief to which it may be entitled.

         8.6 Notices. All notices, requests and other communications required to
be given under this Agreement must be in writing, and must be mailed by
registered or certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested, or
delivered by hand to the party to whom such notice is required or permitted to
be given. Any such notice will be considered to have been given when received,
or if mailed, five (5) business days after it was mailed, as evidenced by the
postmark. The mailing address for notice to either party will be the address
shown on the signature page of this Agreement. Either party may change its
mailing address by notice as provided by this Section 8.6.

         8.7   Survival.  The following provisions shall survive termination of
this Agreement:  Article 4 and Section 7.2.

         8.8 Term. This Agreement is effective as of August 11, 1994, and will
terminate on November 10, 1996, unless terminated earlier in accordance with
Section 7.1 herein.

CHIPS:                           CONTRACTOR:

CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.     JARRAT GLOBAL ENTERPRISES,

                                      INC.

By   /s/  Jim Stafford          By   /s/ Henri A. Jarrat
   ___________________________     __________________________
       Jim Stafford                     Henri A. Jarrat
       President and CEO                President


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11.1
<SEQUENCE>7
<DESCRIPTION>CALCULATION OF EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
<TEXT>

<TABLE>
                                                                                              Exhibit 11.1

                           CHIPS & TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

                    CALCULATION OF EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE

<CAPTION>

In thousands except per share amount

                                                                      Year ended June 30,
                                                           1994             1993              1992
                                                        ----------------------------------------------
<S>                                                       <C>            <C>               <C>
PRIMARY:
Weighted average common shares outstanding                16,500           15,650            14,332
Dilutive common stock equivalents:
  Convertible preferred stock                                123              - -               - -
                                                        ----------------------------------------------
Common and common equivalent shares used in the
   calculation of net income (loss) per share             16,623           15,650            14,332
                                                        ==============================================
Net income (loss)                                         $2,714         ($49,055)         ($63,873)
                                                        ==============================================
Earnings (loss) per share                                  $0.16           ($3.13)          ($4.46)
                                                        ==============================================




FULLY DILUTED:

Weighted average common shares outstanding                16,500           15,650            14,332
Dilutive common stock equivalents:
  Convertible preferred stock                                123              - -               - -
                                                        ----------------------------------------------
Common and common equivalent shares used in the
   calculation of net income (loss) per share             16,623           15,650            14,332
                                                        ==============================================

Net income (loss)                                         $2,714         ($49,055)         ($63,873)
                                                        ==============================================

Earnings (loss) per share                                  $0.16           ($3.13)          ($4.46)
                                                        ==============================================
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-22.1
<SEQUENCE>8
<DESCRIPTION>NOTICE AND PROXY STATEMENT
<TEXT>

                          CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                2950 ZANKER ROAD
                           SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA 95134

                    NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
                          TO BE HELD NOVEMBER 10, 1994

To the Stockholders of Chips and Technologies, Inc.:

         Notice is hereby given that the Annual Meeting of the Stockholders of
Chips and Technologies, Inc., will be held on November 10, 1994, at 3:30 p.m. at
the Sheraton San Jose Hotel, 1801 Barber Lane, Milpitas, California 95035 for
the following purposes:

         1. To elect one (1) Class II director.

         2. To consider a proposal to amend and restate the Chips and
Technologies, Inc. 1985 Stock Option Plan (the "Option Plan") to modify certain
provisions in order to comply with changes in applicable laws and to renew the
Option Plan which will otherwise terminate on January 11, 1995.

         3. To consider a proposal to ratify the appointment of Price Waterhouse
LLP as the independent accountants of the Company for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1995.

         4. To transact such other business as may properly come before the
meeting.

         Stockholders of record at the close of business on September 12, 1994
are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, this meeting and any adjournments
thereof. For ten days prior to the meeting, a complete list of the stockholders
entitled to vote at the meeting will be available for examination by any
stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting during ordinary business
hours at the Sheraton San Jose Hotel, 1801 Barber Lane, Milpitas, California
95035.

                                        By Order of the Board of Directors


                                         Jeffery Anne Tatum, Secretary

San Jose, California
September 30, 1994

WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE MEETING IN PERSON, YOU ARE URGED TO SIGN
AND PROMPTLY MAIL THE ENCLOSED PROXY IN THE RETURN ENVELOPE SO THAT YOUR STOCK
MAY BE REPRESENTED AT THE MEETING.


<PAGE>


                          CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.
                                2950 ZANKER ROAD
                           SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA 95134

               PROXY STATEMENT FOR ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

         The accompanying proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors of Chips
and Technologies, Inc. (the "Company") for use at the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders to be held November 10, 1994, or any adjournment thereof, for the
purposes set forth in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders.
This Proxy Statement and accompanying proxy are being first sent to stockholders
on approximately September 30, 1994.

                              GENERAL INFORMATION

         Annual Report.  An annual report for the fiscal year ended June 30,
1994 is enclosed with this Proxy Statement.

         Voting Securities. Only stockholders of record as of the close of
business on September 12, 1994 will be entitled to vote at the meeting and any
adjournment thereof. As of that date, there were 16,900,893 shares of Common
Stock and 122,845 shares of Series A Preferred Stock of the Company issued and
outstanding. Each holder of shares of Common Stock or Series A Preferred Stock
is entitled to one (1) vote for each share of stock held by him or her on the
proposals presented in this Proxy Statement. Stockholders may vote in person or
by proxy. The Company's Bylaws provide that a majority of all of the shares of
stock entitled to vote, whether present in person or represented by proxy, shall
constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the meeting.

         Solicitation of Proxies. The cost of soliciting proxies will be borne
by the Company. In addition to soliciting stockholders by mail through its
regular employees, the Company will request banks and brokers to solicit
customers of theirs who have stock of the Company registered in the names of
such banks and brokers or their nominees, and will reimburse such banks and
brokers for their reasonable, out-of-pocket costs. The Company may use the
services of its officers, directors, and others, including professional proxy
solicitors, to solicit proxies, personally or by telephone.

         Voting of Proxies. All valid proxies received prior to the meeting will
be voted. All shares represented by a proxy will be voted and, where a
stockholder specifies by means of the proxy a choice with respect to any matter
to be acted upon, the shares will be voted in accordance with the specification
so made. If no choice is indicated on the proxy, the shares will be voted for
each nominee and in favor of each proposal. A stockholder giving a proxy has the
power to revoke his or her proxy at any time prior to the closing of the polls
at the meeting by delivery to the Secretary of the Company of a written
instrument revoking the proxy or a duly executed proxy with a later date, or by
attending the meeting and voting in person.


<PAGE>


                SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
                                 AND MANAGEMENT

         The following table sets forth certain information regarding the
Company's Common Stock owned on June 30, 1994 by (i) each person who is known by
the Company to own beneficially more than 5% of the Company's Common Stock, (ii)
each director and director nominee of the Company, (iii) the two individuals who
served as the Chief Executive Officer during fiscal 1994, and the other most
highly compensated executive officers whose compensation is disclosed under the
caption "Executive Compensation and Other Matters," and (iv) all executive
officers and directors of the Company as a group.

                                                        SHARES OWNED (1)
                                                   ---------------------------
                                                     NUMBER         PERCENTAGE
NAME AND ADDRESS OF BENEFICIAL OWNERS               OF SHARES        OF CLASS
- ----------------------------------------------     ------------     ----------
Gordon A. Campbell(2) ........................     1,638,290(3)        9.33
James F. Stafford ............................       502,077(4)        2.89
Keith Angelo .................................       195,503(5)        1.14
Gene P. Carter ...............................       120,179(6)           *
Richard E. Christopher .......................       140,000(7)           *
Scott E. Cutler ..............................       132,631(8)           *
Henri A. Jarrat(9) ...........................             0              *
Morris E. Jones, Jr ..........................       475,637(10)       2.78
Lawrence A. Roffelsen ........................       155,000(11)          *
Bernard V. Vonderschmitt .....................        36,300(12)          *
All directors and executive officers
  as a group (12 persons) ....................     3,665,717(13)      18.99%

*     Represents less than 1%

1     Unless otherwise indicated below, the persons and entities named in the
      above table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all
      shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws where
      applicable.

2     The address of Mr. Campbell is 404 Tasman Drive, Sunnyvale, California
      94089.

3     Includes 675,000 shares subject to immediately exercisable options.
      Includes 82,605 unvested shares.

4     Includes 500,000 shares subject to immediately exercisable options.
      Includes 189,584 unvested shares.

5     Includes 194,500 shares subject to immediately exercisable options.
      Includes 111,359 unvested shares.

6     Includes 70,000 shares subject to immediately exercisable options.
      Includes 32,397 unvested shares.

7     All shares are subject to an immediately exercisable option.
      Includes 81,563 unvested shares.

8     Includes 125,000 shares subject to immediately exercisable options.
      Includes 47,815 unvested shares.

9     Mr. Jarrat was appointed a director of the Company in August 1994, at
      which time he was granted an option to purchase 20,000 shares, all of
      which are unvested.

10    Includes 255,000 shares subject to immediately exercisable options.
      Includes 76,669 unvested shares.

11    All shares are subject to an immediately exercisable option.
      Includes 93,959 unvested shares.

12    Includes 35,000 shares subject to immediately exercisable options.
      Includes 21,147 unvested shares.

13    Includes 2,419,500 shares subject to immediately exercisable options.
      Includes 953,453 unvested shares.

<PAGE>

                                  PROPOSAL ONE

                      NOMINATION AND ELECTION OF DIRECTORS

         Pursuant to the Bylaws and actions of the Board of Directors, five (5)
directors constitute the full Board of Directors. The directors are divided into
three classes, with one class to be elected for a three year term at each annual
meeting of stockholders. Gordon A. Campbell and Gene P. Carter, whose terms
expire in 1995, currently serve as the Class I directors. Bernard V.
Vonderschmitt was appointed a Class II director in August 1992 and his term
expires in 1994. Henri A. Jarrat was appointed a Class III director in August
1994. The terms of Mr. Jarrat and James F. Stafford, the other Class III
director, will expire in 1996.

         At the Annual Meeting of Stockholders, one (1) director, Bernard V.
Vonderschmitt, is nominated for election to Class II of the Board of Directors,
to hold office until the earlier to occur of (i) the meeting of stockholders to
be held in 1997 and the election and qualification of a successor, or (ii) a
resignation or the vacancy of office as a result of death, removal, or other
cause in accordance with the Bylaws of the Company.

         If a quorum is present and voting, the nominee for the Class II
director receiving the highest number of votes will be elected as the Class II
director. Abstentions and shares held by brokers that are present, but not voted
because the brokers were prohibited from exercising discretionary authority,
i.e., "broker non-votes," will be counted as present in determining if a quorum
is present.

<TABLE>


         Certain information concerning the current directors, including the
Class II nominee to be elected at this meeting, is set forth below.
<CAPTION>

   Director                  Position with the Company     Age                    Term
- ------------------------   ----------------------------    ---    ------------------------------------
<S>                        <C>                              <C>   <C>
Gordon A. Campbell         Chairman of the Board            50    Director since 1984; term ends 1995.
Gene P. Carter             Director                         60    Director since 1988; term ends 1995.
Henri A. Jarrat            Direct                           56    Director since 1994; term ends 1996.
James F. Stafford          President, Chief Executive
                            Officer and Director            50    Director since 1993; term ends 1996.
Bernard V. Vonderschmitt   Director                         71    Director since 1992; term ends 1994.
</TABLE>


         Mr. Campbell is a founder of the Company and has served as a director
and Chairman of the Board since December 1984, and as President and Chief
Executive Officer from January 1985 through July 1993. He is a founder of
Techfarm, Inc. and The LAN Guys, Inc., and has served as President and Chairman
of the Board for both companies since August 1993. Mr. Campbell was a founder of
Seeq Technology, Inc., a semiconductor manufacturer, and from January 1981 to
October 1984, he served as that company's President and Chief Executive Officer.
From January 1976 to January 1981, he served in various management positions at
Intel, a semiconductor manufacturer, most recently as Marketing Manager, Special
Products Division. Mr. Campbell also serves as a director on the boards of
directors of 3Com Corporation and Bell Micro Devices.

<PAGE>

         Mr. Carter has served as a director of the Company since March 1988.
From August 1977 to September 1984, Mr. Carter served as Vice President of Sales
for Apple Computer, Inc. He has been self-employed as a private investor since
1984. Mr. Carter also serves as a director on the board of directors of Adobe
Systems, Inc.

         Mr.  Jarrat was  appointed to the Board of Directors in August 1994. He
is currently President of Jarrat Global Enterprises,  Inc. From 1983 to 1987, he
served as President and Chief Operating  Officer of VLSI  Technology,  Inc., and
for seven years prior to 1983, he served at Motorola,  Inc. as a Corporate  Vice
President and General Manager.
    
         Mr.  Vonderschmitt has served as a director of the Company since August
1992. He is a co-founder of Xilinx,  Inc. and has served as its President  since
February  1984.  Prior to founding  Xilinx,  he spent two and one-half  years at
Zilog,  Inc.,  then a subsidiary of Exxon, as Vice President and General Manager
of the Microprocessor Division. Prior to joining Zilog, he was with RCA for more
than twenty  years in mostly  technical  management  positions.  During his last
seven  years at RCA,  Mr.  Vonderschmitt  served as Vice  President  and General
Manager of the Solid State Division. Mr. Vonderschmitt also serves as a director
on the boards of Xilinx,  Inc., IMP, Inc.,  Sanmina,  Inc. and Credence  Systems
Corporation. 

         Mr. Stafford was appointed to the Board of Directors in August 1993 and
was named  President  and Chief  Executive  Officer in July 1993.  Mr.  Stafford
served as Acting  Chief  Financial  Officer  from April 1993 until  December 31,
1993. He previously  served as Senior Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
from  January  1992 to  July  1993,  as  Senior  Vice  President,  Product  Line
Operations from February 1990 to January 1992, as Vice  President,  Product Line
Operations from July 1989 to February 1990, as Vice  President,  Operations from
December 1985 to July 1989,  and as Director of Operations  from January 1985 to
December 1985.

         During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994, the Board of Directors held
twelve (12) meetings. No director attended fewer than 75% of such meetings of
the Board of Directors and the committees on which he serves.

         There  are two (2)  committees  of the  Board of  Directors:  the Audit
Committee and the Compensation  Committee.  

         The  Audit  Committee's  function  is to  review  with the  independent
accountants  and management  the annual  financial  statements  and  independent
accountants'  opinion,  review the scope and results of the  examination  of the
Company's  financial  statements  by the  independent  accountants,  approve all
professional services performed by the independent accountants and related fees,
recommend the retention of the independent  accountants to the Board, subject to
ratification  by  the  stockholders,   and  periodically  review  the  Company's
accounting policies and internal accounting and financial controls.  The members
of the Audit  Committee are Bernard  Vonderschmitt  and Gene Carter.  During the
fiscal year ended June 30, 1994, the Audit Committee held one (1) meeting.

         The Compensation Committee's function is to review and recommend salary
levels and stock option grants for officers and other employees of the Company.
The members of the Compensation Committee are Bernard Vonderschmitt and Gene
Carter. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994, the Compensation Committee
held five (5) meetings.


<PAGE>

                    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION AND OTHER MATTERS

COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

         The following table sets forth information concerning the compensation
of the two individuals who served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company
during fiscal 1994, and the five other most highly compensated executive
officers of the Company as of June 30, 1994 whose total salary and bonus for the
fiscal year ended June 30, 1994 exceeded $100,000 during the fiscal years ended
June 30, 1992, 1993, and 1994:

<TABLE>

                           SUMMARY COMPENSATION TABLE


                                                                                                        Long Term
                                                                                                      Compensation
<CAPTION>
                                              Annual Compensation                                    --------------
                                   -------------------------------------------                            Awards
                                                                                                          ------
     Name and Principal             Fiscal                                        Other Annual           Options/
         Position                    Year               Salary         Bonus      Compensation            Shares
- ----------------------------        ------             --------        -----      ------------         -----------
<S>                                  <C>               <C>              <C>        <C>                  <C>
Gordon A. Campbell                   1994              $123,857         $0         $230,217(1)          125,000(2)
Chairman of the                      1993              $337,513         $0                 (3)          350,000(4)
Board (5)                            1992              $325,013         $0                 (3)             200,000
James F. Stafford                    1994              $225,009         $0                 (3)             125,000
President, Chief Executive           1993              $181,924         $0                 (3)          275,000(6)
Officer and Acting Financial         1992              $178,007         $0                 (3)                   0
Officer (7)

Keith Angelo                         1994              $141,755         $0                 (3)              50,000
Vice President, Marketing (9)        1993              $125,682         $0                 (3)          165,000(8)
                                     1992               $88,404         $0                 (3)              15,000
Richard E. Christopher               1994              $158,440         $0                 (3)              35,000
Vice President, Sales (10)           1993              $149,121         $0                 (3)         180,000(11)
                                     1992                    $0         $0                 (3)                   0
Scott E. Cutler                      1994              $156,006         $0                 (3)              20,000
Vice President, Software             1993              $147,006         $0                 (3)          65,000(12)
Technology                           1992              $143,005         $0                 (3)              10,000
Morris E. Jones, Jr.                 1994              $178,506         $0                 (3)              35,000
Senior Vice President,               1993              $170,715         $0                 (3)         150,000(13)
Advanced Products and                1992              $170,006         $0                 (3)              50,000
Chief Technical Officer
Lawrence A. Roffelsen                1994              $141,755         $0                 (3)              50,000
Vice President,                      1993               $64,430         $0                 (3)             105,000
Engineering (14)                     1992                    $0         $0                 (3)                   0

<FN>

1        Represents amount earned pursuant to severance agreement.  See "Certain
         Transactions and Other Relationships."

2        Includes an option to purchase 100,000 shares granted on August 17,
         1993, which had an exercise price of $6.05 per share and which expired
         on August 31, 1994.

3        The total amount of personal benefits paid to the named executive
         officers during the fiscal year was less than the lesser of (i) $50,000
         and (ii) 10% of each such executive officer's total reported salary and
         bonus.

4        Includes an option to purchase 100,000 shares granted on July 27, 1992
         at 110% of the fair market value on the date of grant, replacing an
         option granted in fiscal 1991 which was surrendered. The surrendered
         option was about to expire and had an exercise price significantly in
         excess of fair market value.

5        Mr. Campbell resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer in July
         1993.  Mr. Campbell remains Chairman of the Board.

6        Includes options to purchase 50,000 shares which were repriced on
         August 3, 1992, replacing options granted in fiscal 1991.

<PAGE>

7        Mr. Stafford was promoted to President and Chief Executive Officer in
         July 1993, and he remained acting Chief Financial Officer until January
         1994.

8        Includes options to purchase 105,000 shares which were repriced on
         August 3, 1992, replacing options granted in fiscal years 1991, 1992
         and 1993.

9        Mr. Angelo was promoted to Vice President, Marketing on November 5,
         1992.

10       Mr. Christopher commenced his employment with the Company on July 6,
         1992.

11       Includes options to purchase 75,000 shares which were repriced on
         August 3, 1992, replacing options granted in fiscal 1993 which are also
         included in the above table and which were canceled.

12       Includes options to purchase 10,000 shares which were repriced on
         August 3, 1992, replacing options granted in fiscal 1992 which are also
         included in the above table and which were canceled.

13       Includes options to purchase 100,000 shares which were repriced on
         August 3, 1992, replacing options granted in fiscal 1991 and 1992 which
         were canceled, including options to purchase 50,000 shares granted in
         1992 which are also included in the above table.

14       Mr. Roffelsen's promotion to Vice President, Engineering was ratified
         on January 7, 1993.

</TABLE>

<TABLE>

STOCK OPTIONS GRANTED IN FISCAL 1994

         The following table provides the specified information concerning
grants of options to purchase the Company's Common Stock made during the fiscal
year ended June 30, 1994, to the persons named in the Summary Compensation
Table.

                       OPTION GRANTS IN LAST FISCAL YEAR
<CAPTION>

                                                                                          Potential Realizable
                                                                                             Value at Assumed
                                                                                              Annual Rates of
                                                                                                Stock Price
                                                                                              Appreciation for
                        Individual Grants in Fiscal 1994                                      Option Term(1)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------   ---------------------------
                                              % of Total
                                                Options      Exercise
                                               Granted to      or Base
                                  Options     Employees in      Price      Expiration
          Name                    Granted      Fiscal Year     ($/Sh)         Date         5% ($)         10% ($)
- ------------------------          ---------   ------------   -----------   ----------      -------      ----------
<S>                                 <C>          <C>             <C>       <C>                <C>           <C>
Gordon A. Campbell                  100,000      6.01%           $ 6.05    08/31/94           0.00          0.00
                                     20,000      1.20%             4.00    08/18/98         22,102        48,841
                                      5,000      0.30%             5.75    11/10/98          7,943        17,552
James F. Stafford                   125,000      7.51%             4.00    06/23/04        314,447       796,871
Keith Angelo                         50,000      3.00%            4.625    05/27/04        145,432       368,553
Richard E. Christopher               35,000      2.10%            4.625    05/27/04        101,802       257,987
Scott E. Cutler                      20,000      1.20%            4.625    05/27/04         58,172       147,421
Morris E. Jones, Jr.                 35,000      2.10%            4.625    05/27/04        101,802       257,987
Lawrence A. Roffelsen                50,000      3.00%            4.625    05/27/04        145,432       368,553

<FN>

(1)      Potential gains are net of exercise price, but before taxes associated
         with exercise. These amounts represent certain assumed rates of
         appreciation only, based on the Securities and Exchange Commission's
         rules. Actual gains, if any, on stock option exercises are dependent on
         the future performance of the Company, overall market conditions and
         the optionholders' continued employment through the vesting period. The
         amounts reflected in this table may not necessarily be achieved.

</TABLE>

<PAGE>

Options Exercises and Fiscal 1994 Year-End Values

         The following table provides the specified information concerning
exercises of options to purchase the Company's Common Stock in the fiscal year
ended June 30, 1994, and unexercised options held as of June 30, 1994, by the
persons named in the Summary Compensation Table:

<TABLE>

                          AGGREGATED OPTION EXERCISES

                           AND FISCAL YEAR-END VALUES

                                                                                           Value of Unexercised
<CAPTION>
                                                         Number of Unexercised           In-the-Money Options
                                                         Options at 6/30/94                at  6/30/94(1)(2)
                                                    ---------------------------------  -------------------------------
                          Shares
                        Acquired on      Value
Name                     Exercise      Realized     Exercisable(1)     Unexercisable   Exercisable       Unexercisable
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
<S>                             <C>         <C>         <C>               <C>                 <C>               <C>
Gordon A. Campbell              0           $0          675,000           82,605              $0                $0
James F. Stafford               0           $0          500,000          189,584         $21,094            $7,031
Keith Angelo                8,000       $9,500          194,500          111,359          $3,625            $1,875
Richard E. Christopher          0           $0          140,000           81,563          $5,625            $1,875
Scott E. Cutler                 0           $0          125,000           47,815          $5,625            $1,875
Morris E. Jones, Jr.            0           $0          255,000           76,669          $9,375            $3,125
Lawrence A. Roffelsen           0           $0          155,000           93,959         $10,312            $3,438

<FN>

1        Generally, Company stock options are immediately exercisable at date of
         grant, but vest over a four year period at the rate of 1/8th six (6)
         months after the date of hire for initial grants and 1/48 one (1) month
         after the date of grant for current employees, and 1/48th per month
         thereafter for each full month of the optionee's continuous employment
         with the Company. In addition, certain of the listed options vest based
         upon the Company attaining profitability. The table indicates the
         amount of such options which are unvested under the caption
         "Unexercisable".

2        Based on a value of $3.75 per share which was the closing price of the
         Company's Common Stock on June 30, 1994. The value shown is for all
         outstanding options which have an exercise price below the closing
         price on June 30, 1994 of the Company's Common Stock regardless of
         vesting restrictions.

</TABLE>

CHANGE OF CONTROL ARRANGEMENTS

         Options granted under the Company's Amended and Restated 1985 Stock
Option Plan and the Company's 1988 Nonqualified Stock Option Plan for Outside
Directors (the "Outside Directors Plan") contain provisions pursuant to which,
under certain circumstances, all outstanding options granted under such plans

<PAGE>

shall become fully vested and immediately exercisable upon a "transfer of
control" as defined in such plans. See "Changes to Benefit Plans" and "PROPOSAL
TWO - AMENDED AND RESTATED CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 1985 STOCK OPTION PLAN."

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS

         The Company's outside directors each receive $1,500 for each Board of
Directors meeting which the director attends. In addition, each receives $1,000
for each committee meeting of the Board of Directors he attends which is held
separately from a Board meeting and $500 for each committee meeting he attends
that is held consecutively with a Board meeting. See "Certain Transactions and
Other Relationships."

         The Company's Outside Directors Plan currently provides that upon the
effective date of the Outside Directors Plan or initial election to the Board of
Directors, each non-employee director (an "Outside Director") will receive a
one-time grant of an option to purchase 20,000 shares of the Company's Common
Stock and an additional grant of an option to purchase 10,000 shares of the
Company's Common Stock on each anniversary of his or her tenure as an Outside
Director. The Chairman of the Board receives a stock option to purchase 5,000
shares of the Company's Common Stock on each anniversary of his tenure as
Chairman, and each director receives a stock option to purchase 2,500 shares of
the Company's Common Stock each year for each committee of the Board of
Directors on which a director serves.

EMPLOYMENT CONTRACTS AND TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT ARRANGEMENTS

         In July 1993, Gordon Campbell terminated his employment as President
and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. In connection with his termination,
Mr. Campbell and the Company agreed that, in exchange for the provision by Mr.
Campbell of certain consulting services to the Company and a release of any
claims against the Company, the Company would (1) pay Mr. Campbell $27,084 per
month for one year; (2) extend his medical benefits for up to one year; (3)
accelerate the vesting of 76,633 shares of Company stock under stock options
previously granted Mr. Campbell; (4) extend vesting eligibility for 250,000
shares under a performance-based option; and (5) extend the exercise date of Mr.
Campbell's vested stock options to August 31, 1994. The Board of Directors
retained the right to terminate the foregoing agreement with Mr. Campbell in the
event he did not perform the consulting services to which he agreed. In May
1994, the Board of Directors extended to August 31, 1995 the exercise date of
550,000 shares of Company stock under stock options previously granted Mr.
Campbell, which included the options for 76,633 shares and 250,000 shares
described above in (3) and (4), respectively.

CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS AND OTHER RELATIONSHIPS

         In February 1989, the Company loaned $412,018.75 at an interest rate of
8% per annum to Marc E. Jones, a former executive officer of the Company. The
due date for the loan, initially February 1990, was extended during the period
of Mr. Jones' employment and, in connection with his termination in January
1993, the due date for the balance of the loan was extended to January 1994, the
interest rate was changed to 5% per annum, and the exercise date of Mr. Jones'
vested options was extended for a period of twelve (12) months following his
termination date. Mr. Jones repaid the remaining balance in full, including
accrued interest, in the amount of $253,076.92, and the note was retired as of
April 17, 1994.

         In August 1989, the Company loaned $74,937 at an interest rate of 9%
per annum to Enzo N. Torresi, a former director of the Company, which he used to
exercise a portion of his stock options. The due date for the balance of the
loan was initially August 1990, but such due date was subsequently extended to
August 1991, August 1992 and August 1993, respectively. In August 1992, the
interest rate on the note was changed to 8.2% per annum. Mr. Torresi repaid the
remaining balance in full, including accrued interest, in the amount of $28,600,
and the note was retired in September 1993.

<PAGE>

         In connection with the relocation of Scott E. Cutler, an executive
officer of the Company, the Company purchased a house in May 1991 and agreed to
lease the house to Mr. Cutler. The lease currently extends through December 1994
at a monthly rental of $2,000, which the Board of Directors believes to be the
fair market value. At the end of the lease, Mr. Cutler may elect to purchase the
house from the Company at a price equal to the price paid by the Company plus
the Company's incremental cost, less any rent paid by Mr. Cutler.

         In connection with the relocation of Lee Barker, an executive officer
of the Company, in September 1992, the Company provided relocation assistance
and moving expenses to Mr. Barker in the amount of $16,793. The Company also
agreed to provide Mr. Barker mortgage assistance in the amount of $1,500 per
month from October 28, 1992 through October 27, 1993, $1,000 per month from
October 28, 1993 through October 27, 1994, and $500 per month from October 28,
1994 through October 27, 1995, unless Mr. Barker's employment terminates earlier
for cause or voluntarily. In October 1992, the Company loaned $30,000 to Mr.
Barker at an interest rate of 8% per annum which was due on October 5, 1993. In
November 1993, the Board of Directors extended the due date to September 1,
1994. Mr. Barker repaid the remaining balance in full, including accrued
interest, in the amount of $34,682.73, and the note was retired as of August,
1994.

         During 1993, several executive officers terminated their employment
with the Company, specifically Gary P. Martin, Chief Financial Officer, in April
1993, Gordon A. Campbell, President and Chief Executive Officer, in July 1993,
and Nancy S. Dusseau and Jeffrey A. Grammer in August 1993. In connection with
these terminations, each officer entered into an agreement with the Company
which provided that, in exchange for the provision by the former officer of
certain consulting services to the Company and a release of any claims against
the Company, the Company would pay certain benefits, including extending medical
benefits for up to one year. The agreement with Mr. Martin provided that the
Company would (1) pay Mr. Martin $13,917 per month for one year, reduced by any
income earned by Mr. Martin through other employment; and (2) extend the
exercise date of Mr. Martin's vested stock options to April 11, 1994. In
September 1993, Mr. Martin accepted a position with another employer and the
Company's monthly payments to him were reduced to $2,250 and ceased in April
1994. The agreements with Ms. Dusseau and Mr. Grammer provide that the Company
would (1) pay Ms. Dusseau $11,667 per month and Mr. Grammer $12,167 per month,
each for nine months; (2) accelerate the vesting of 54,588 and 22,271 shares of
Company stock under stock options previously granted Ms. Dusseau and Mr.
Grammer, respectively; and (3) extend the exercise date of their vested stock
options to August 14, 1994. For the terms of the agreement with Mr. Campbell,
see "Employment Contracts and Termination of Employment Arrangements."

         In September 1993, the Company entered into an asset sale agreement
(the "Agreement") with Techfarm, Inc. ("Techfarm"). Techfarm is a corporation
whose principal shareholders are Gordon A. Campbell, the Company's former
President and Chief Executive Officer, and two other former executive officers
of the Company. Mr. Campbell is the Company's Chairman of the Board. Pursuant to
the Agreement, Techfarm purchased certain of the Company's assets, including the
Company's interest in its Russian joint venture, Summit Systems ("Summit"), the
Company's ethernet and token ring technology, and the technology associated with
the Company's development of future multimedia products. The Company received a
license back to the ethernet and multimedia technology for future products and
agreed that, for a period of five (5) years, it will not engage directly in any
of the businesses conducted by the networking business or the Summit business as
of the date of the Agreement. In connection with the purchase, Techfarm assumed
certain of the Company's liabilities, including the liabilities associated with
the termination of interests in Summit other than the Company's and the
liabilities under any contracts assumed by Techfarm, including certain joint
development contracts. In exchange for the foregoing assets, Techfarm paid the
Company $100,000 in cash and delivered a promissory note for $1,615,000. The
note bears interest at 10% per annum and the principal and any accrued interest
are payable in four installments, one every six months. The first installment
was paid March 31, 1994. The note is secured by the stock of the Techfarm
subsidiary which now operates Summit and by certain other of the acquired
assets. The Agreement, which was entered into after the Company's decision to
discontinue these businesses, was unanimously approved by the disinterested
members of the Company's Board of Directors, after consideration of all

<PAGE>

available options. Mr. Campbell abstained from the vote. In March 1994, the
Company and Techfarm entered into the following agreements: (i) a loan and
security agreement among the Company, Techfarm, Chips & Technologies J.V. Cyprus
Limited ("Chips Cyprus") and Summit; (ii) a secured continuing guarantee between
Techfarm and the Company; and (iii) a secured promissory note from Chips Cyprus
and Summit in favor of the Company. Pursuant to these agreements, Chips Cyprus
and Summit became the principal obligors on the promissory note to the Company,
with Techfarm as guarantor, and all security intact. The terms of the new note
are substantially the same as those of the note originally delivered to the
Company by Techfarm.

         In August 1994, the Company loaned $100,000 at an interest rate of 7%
per annum to Keith Angelo, an executive officer of the Company. The outstanding
balance of the loan will be forgiven at a rate of 25% per year as Mr. Angelo
continues his employment with the Company. If he voluntarily leaves his
employment with the Company or if Mr. Angelo's employment is terminated for
cause before August 1, 1998, the outstanding balance must be repaid in full at
that time.

         In August 1994, the Company entered into an independent contractor
agreement (the "Contractor Agreement") with Jarrat Global Enterprises, Inc.
("JGE"), a corporation whose principal shareholder is Henri A. Jarrat, a
director of the Company. Pursuant to the Contractor Agreement, JGE will receive
$8,000 per month, plus stock options in an amount to be determined by the
Company's Board of Directors, as compensation for Mr. Jarrat providing the
Company with requested business advice, including management consulting in
specific areas, until November 1996, unless terminated earlier by either party.


COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 16(A) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

         Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires the
Company's executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more
than 10% of the Company's Common Stock to file initial reports of ownership and
reports of changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission
("SEC"). Such persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company
with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such persons.

         Based solely on the Company's review of such forms furnished to the
Company and written representations from certain reporting persons, the Company
believes that all filing requirements applicable to the Company's executive
officers, directors and more than 10% stockholders were complied with during the
fiscal year ended June 30, 1994.

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION

         The  Compensation  Committee  during  fiscal  1994 was  composed of two
independent,  non-employee  directors of the Company, Gene P. Carter and Enzo N.
Torresi who,  upon his  resignation  from the Board,  was replaced by Bernard V.
Vonderschmitt.   See  "REPORT  OF  THE   COMPENSATION   COMMITTEE  ON  EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION."

         On August 11, 1994, the Board of Directors amended and restated the
Option Plan, which will otherwise expire on January 11, 1995, and renamed the
Option Plan the "Amended and Restated Chips and Technologies, Inc. 1994 Stock
Option Plan" (the "1994 Option Plan"), subject to approval by the Company's
stockholders. The 1994 Option Plan is an amended and restated version of the
Option Plan and will have a ten-year term extending from the date of its
approval by the Board, if approved by the stockholders. The 1994 Option Plan is
designed to comply with (i) the Securities and Exchange Commission's Rule 16b-3
(exempting certain transactions by corporate insiders from Section 16
"short-swing" profit liability), and (ii) recent changes to Internal Revenue
Code Section 162(m). The 1994 Option Plan gives the Board broad discretionary
authority in administering the 1994 Option Plan and in granting options. See
"PROPOSAL TWO - APPROVAL OF AMENDMENT TO AMENDED AND RESTATED CHIPS AND
TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 1985 STOCK OPTION PLAN" for a discussion of the proposed

<PAGE>

amendments to the various features of the Option Plan. The following table sets
forth grants of stock options received under the Option Plan, as amended, during
the fiscal year ended June 30, 1994 by (i) the two individuals who served as
Chief Executive Officer of the Company during fiscal 1994, and the five other
most highly compensated executive officers of the Company as of June 30, 1994;
(ii) all current executive officers as a group; (iii) all current directors who
are not executive officers as a group; (iv) all employees, including all
officers who are not executive officers, as a group. Grants under the 1994
Option Plan are to be made at the discretion of the Board of Directors.
Accordingly, future grants under the 1994 Option Plan are not yet determinable.

                               NEW PLAN BENEFITS

                                     Chips and Technologies Inc. Amended and
                                         Restated 1985 Stock Option Plan(1)

                                            Exercise Price(2)  Number of
     Name and Position                         (per share)       Shares
- ----------------------------                -----------------  ---------
Gordon A. Campbell(3)                            $  6.05          100,000
Chairman of the Board                            $  4.00           20,000
                                                 $  5.75            5,000
James E. Stafford                                $  4.00          125,000
President, Chief Executive
Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer

Keith Angelo                                     $  4.625          50,000
Vice President, Marketing

Richard E. Christopher                           $  4.625          35,000
Vice President, Sales

Scott E. Cutler                                  $  4.625          20,000
Vice President, Software Technology

Morris E. Jones, Jr.                             $  4.625          35,000
Senior Vice President, Advanced Products and
Chief Technical Officer

Lawrence A. Roffelsen                            $  4.625          50,000
Vice President, Engineering

Executive Officer Group                         $4.00 - $6.25     490,000
 (8 persons)
Non-Executive Director                           $  3.875         100,000
 Group (3 persons)

Non-Executive Officer                           $3.875 - $6.25    983,600
Employee Group (177 persons)

1        Employees, directors and individuals who are rendering services as
         consultants, advisors, or other independent contractors to the Company
         are eligible to participate in the Option Plan.

2        Future exercise prices of options are unknown, as they are based upon 
         fair market value at the date of grant.

3        Mr. Campbell resigned as the Company's President and Chief Executive
         Officer in July 1993, but remains Chairman of the Board.


<PAGE>



                  REPORT OF THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE ON THE
                             EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

         The Compensation Committee is composed of two independent, non-employee
directors of the Company, neither of whom are former employees of the Company.
During fiscal 1994, the Committee members were Gene P. Carter, Enzo N. Torresi,
until September 1993, and Bernard V. Vonderschmitt for the balance of the year.
The Committee is responsible for setting and administering the policies
governing the annual compensation of the Company's executive officers, including
cash compensation and stock option programs.

COMPENSATION PHILOSOPHY

         The Compensation Committee strives to align executive compensation with
the value achieved by the executive team for the Company's stockholders. Toward
that goal, the Company's compensation program emphasizes both short and
long-term incentives designed to attract, motivate, and retain highly qualified
executives who will effectively manage the Company and maximize stockholder
value. The Company uses salary, executive officer bonuses and stock options to
motivate executive officers to achieve the Company's business objectives and to
align the incentives of officers with the long-term interests of stockholders.
The Committee reviews and evaluates each executive officer's base and variable
compensation annually relative to corporate performance and comparative market
information.

         In setting total compensation, the Committee considers individual and
Company performance, as well as market information in the form of published
survey data provided to the Committee by the Company's human resources staff.
The market data consists primarily of base salary and total cash compensation
rates, as well as incentive bonus and stock programs, of companies considered by
the Committee to be comparable companies in the semiconductor industry. The
Committee's policy is to generally target levels of cash and equity compensation
paid to its executive officers at approximately five percent above the average
of such compensation paid by comparable companies in the semiconductor industry.

         The Company has considered the potential impact of Section 162(m)
("Section 162(m)") of the Internal Revenue Code adopted under the federal
Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993. Section 162(m) disallows a tax deduction for
any publicly-held corporation for individual compensation exceeding $1 million
in any taxable year for any of the named executive officers, unless compensation
is performance-based. Since the targeted cash compensation of each of the named
executive officers is well below the $1 million threshold and the Company
believes that any options granted under the Option Plan will meet the
requirement of being performance-based in accordance with the regulations under
Section 162(m), the Committee believes that Section 162(m) will not reduce the
tax deduction available to the Company. The Company's policy is to qualify to
the extent reasonable its executive officers' compensation for deductibility
under applicable tax laws.

FORMS OF COMPENSATION

Specific executive compensation elements and the factors on which they were
based are:

            BASE SALARY. The Committee reviews the performance and sets the
salary of all executive officers on an annual basis. In making its decisions,
the Committee considers the evaluations and recommendations of the Chief
Executive Officer as to the performance, attainment of goals and objectives,
contribution to the Company and salary of each of the Company's other officers.
In making its decision regarding the Chief Executive Officer's compensation, the
Committee reviews the Chief Executive Officer's performance and sets his salary
independently, after considering his performance, contribution to the Company
and the salary levels for chief executive officers at comparable companies.

<PAGE>

        *   BONUS. The Company seeks to provide short term incentives through
bonuses to executives who make contributions of outstanding value to the
Company. The Company has in the past awarded bonuses which comprised a
substantial portion of total compensation; however, the Company and the
Committee decided it was generally not appropriate to pay bonuses unless the
Company achieved profits from operations or attained specific performance
targets. For that reason the Company did not award bonuses to executive officers
in fiscal 1994.

        *   LONG-TERM INCENTIVES. Longer term incentives are provided through
the Amended and Restated Chips and Technologies, Inc. 1985 Stock Option Plan
(the "Option Plan") and the Company's Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
"Purchase Plan"). Both the Option Plan and the Purchase Plan reward executives
through the growth in the value of the Company's stock. All of the Company's
employees are eligible to participate in the Option Plan and the Purchase Plan.
Stock options are granted upon hire and annually after performance reviews
depending on individual performance and contribution.

         At the commencement of an executive officer's employment, and
periodically thereafter, the Chief Executive Officer recommends to the Committee
an award of stock options under the Option Plan. The Committee grants stock
options at the market price for the Company's Common Stock on the date of grant.
Therefore, such grants will only have value if the Company's Common Stock price
increases over the exercise price. The Committee believes that stock options
serve to align the incentives of executive officers with the interests of
stockholders because of the direct benefit executive officers receive through
improved stock performance. Recommendations for the grant of options are based
on relative position and responsibilities of each executive officer, their
relative equity ownership and degree of vesting, and the historical and expected
contributions of each executive officer to the Company. Generally, stock options
vest over a period of four years in order to encourage executive officers to
continue their employment with the Company.

FISCAL 1994 COMPENSATION

         Compensation for the Chief Executive Officer and the other executive
officers was set according to the Company's established compensation philosophy
described above. The Committee's analysis of the Company's performance in fiscal
1994 focused on several factors, including the Company's overall profitability
and operating results. The salaries in fiscal 1994 for Gordon A. Campbell and
James F. Stafford, who both served as Chief Executive Officer for portions of
fiscal 1994, and the salaries for the other executive officers, were
substantially the same as in fiscal 1993. As noted above, no bonuses were
awarded in fiscal 1994.

         During fiscal 1994, the Committee decided that, in order to retain the
key employees and executive officers who remained after the significant
restructurings and management reorganization, who the Committee believed were
critical to the long term success of the Company, it was necessary to grant
additional stock options to such employees. After review of the recommendations
by management, the Committee approved the grants, with certain adjustments for a
total of 1,573,600 shares, including 440,000 shares granted to the named
executive officers. The stock options granted to executive officers, including
James F. Stafford, Chief Executive Officer, were based upon rankings of each
officer's performance and his or her expected importance to the long term
success of the Company. James F. Stafford received an option to purchase 125,000
shares, subject to the foregoing terms. The number of shares was based on Mr.
Stafford's position, relatively modest equity position in the Company, and his
expected contribution in fiscal 1995 and beyond. All other option grants become
fully vested if the employee remains with the Company for four years from the
date of grant.


                                           THE COMPENSATION COMMITTEE
                                           GENE P. CARTER
                                           BERNARD V. VONDERSCHMITT


<PAGE>


                        COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RETURN

         Set forth below is a line graph comparing the annual percentage change
in the cumulative total return on the Company's Common Stock with the cumulative
total return of the H&Q Technology Index and the NASDAQ Stock Market - U.S.
Index for the period commencing on June 30, 1989, and ending on June 30, 1994.

COMPARISON OF CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN FROM JUNE 30, 1989, THROUGH JUNE 30, 19941

                          CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC.

         [The following descriptive data is supplied in accordance with
                      Rule 304(d)(2) of Regulation ST]


                          Chips and                                 H&Q
                       Technologies, Inc.       NASDAQ-U.S.      Technology
                       -----------------        -----------      ----------
June 30, 1989              100.00                 100.00           100.00
June 30, 1990               90.00                 108.00           115.00
June 30, 1991               32.00                 114.00           115.00
June 30, 1992               30.00                 137.00           131.00
June 30, 1993               16.00                 172.00           160.00
June 30, 1994               16.00                 173.00           162.00


1        Assumes that $100.00 was invested on June 30, 1989, in the Company's
         Common Stock at the price of $23.50 per share and at the closing sales
         price for each index on that date and that all dividends were
         reinvested. No cash dividends have been declared on the Company's
         Common Stock. Stockholder returns over the indicated period should not
         be considered indicative of future stockholder returns.


<PAGE>


                                  PROPOSAL TWO

    AMENDED AND RESTATED CHIPS AND TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 1985 STOCK OPTION PLAN

         The Company established the Option Plan in January 1985. The purpose of
the Option Plan is to encourage stock ownership by employees, directors and
consultants of the Company or any parent or subsidiary corporation of the
Company, to give them a greater personal interest in the success of the business
and to provide added incentive to continue and advance in their employment or
service to the Company. On January 8, 1987, the Board of Directors amended and
restated the Option Plan to conform to certain changes in governing law effected
by the Tax Reform Act of 1986. On August 11, 1994, the Board of Directors
amended and restated the Option Plan, extended its term and renamed the Option
Plan the "Amended and Restated Chips and Technologies, Inc. 1994 Stock Option
Plan." Amendments were made to the Option Plan including those described below,
subject to approval by the Company's stockholders. Since the inception of the
Option Plan, 17,200,000 shares of Common Stock have been reserved for issuance
under the Option Plan. Of the total number of shares reserved, as of June 30,
1994, 4,840,422 shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance upon the
exercise of outstanding options at a weighted average exercise price of $4.75
per share with exercise prices ranging from $3.125 to $9.75, and 1,885,673
shares of Common Stock remained available for future option grants. See "BOARD
OF DIRECTORS -- Executive Compensation" for additional information regarding
grants and exercises of options under the Option Plan.

PROPOSED AMENDMENTS TO THE OPTION PLAN

         The proposed amendments provide that all options must be granted, if at
all, by August 11, 2004. The Option Plan would otherwise expire on January 11,
1995.

         The Revenue Reconciliation Act of 1993 added Section 162(m) to the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"). Under Section 162(m),
the allowable deduction for compensation paid or accrued with respect to the
chief executive officer and each of the four most highly compensated executive
officers of a publicly-held corporation is limited to no more than $1,000,000
per year for fiscal years beginning on or after January 1, 1994. To enable the
Company to preserve the benefit of receiving a tax deduction for the full amount
of income recognized by the Company's executive officers upon exercise of stock
options, the Board of Directors adopted an amendment to the Option Plan, subject
to stockholder approval, to impose a per-optionee share limitation of 500,000
shares per fiscal year, although Company grants typically do not approach these
limits. However, because the change in the Code is only recently enacted and
subject to clarification by the Internal Revenue Service, there can be no
assurance that the Company will be able to continue to deduct all compensation
paid to its employees.

         In order for the Company to be able to obtain the advantages of using
pooling accounting in the event of a Transfer of Control (as defined in the
Option Plan), the Board of Directors also adopted an amendment to the Option
Plan, subject to stockholder approval, to provide that in the event of a
Transfer of Control the unexercisable and/or unvested portion of all outstanding
options will become immediately exercisable and vested as of a date 30 days
prior to the Transfer of Control, unless the acquiring company either assumes
the options granted under the Option Plan or else substitutes its own options
for the Option Plan options. Any options which are neither assumed or
substituted for by the acquiring company nor exercised as of the date of the
Transfer of Control will terminate effective as of the date of the Transfer of
Control.

         To aid the Company's recruiting efforts, the Board of Directors also
adopted an amendment to the Option Plan, subject to stockholder approval, to
expand the eligibility provisions of the Option Plan to permit nonqualified
stock options to be granted to prospective employees, consultants and advisors.
(Incentive stock options may be granted only to actual employees.) This
amendment will enable the Company to issue an offer letter to a prospective key
employee stating that an option has been granted at a particular exercise price.
Since vesting under the option is based on employment, the prospective employee
must accept the employment offer and commence working for the Company to gain
any vested interest in such option. At the same time, an amendment was adopted
to permit the Board to provide that nonqualified stock options may be assigned

<PAGE>

or transferred to third parties. Previously an option was exercisable only by
the optionee, except in the event of death.

         The Board of Directors believes that the approval of the amendments to
the Option Plan is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, as
the ability to grant stock options is an important factor in attracting,
motivating and retaining qualified personnel essential to the success of the
Company; and the ability to deduct as compensation expense the gain recognized
by the Company's executive officers upon their exercise of options granted under
the Option Plan is a factor affecting the profitability of the Company.

SUMMARY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THE OPTION PLAN

         The following summary of the Option Plan, including the proposed
amendments, is qualified in its entirety by the specific language of the Option
Plan, a copy of which is available to any stockholder upon request.

         The Option Plan is administered by the Board of Directors and/or a duly
appointed committee of the Board of Directors which has discretion to determine
optionees, the number of shares to be covered by each option, the vesting
schedule and all other terms of the options. The maximum number of shares of the
Common Stock of the Company which may be issued upon the exercise of options
granted pursuant to the Option Plan is 17,200,000 shares (subject to adjustment
in the event of stock dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits,
combinations, reclassifications, or like changes in the capital structure of the
Company). Of that number, 4,840,422 shares of Common Stock remained reserved for
issuance upon the exercise of outstanding options as of June 30, 1994, and
1,885,673 shares of Common Stock remained available for future option grants. No
optionee may be granted options to purchase in excess of 500,000 shares per
fiscal year (such limit to be subject to adjustment in the event of stock
dividends, stock splits, reverse stock splits, combinations, reclassifications,
or like changes in the capital structure of the Company). Absent approval of the
proposed amendments by the stockholders, there is no limit on the number of
shares that may be granted to any one optionee per fiscal year. After
stockholder approval of the proposed amendments, all options must be granted, if
at all, by August 11, 2004.

         The Option Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options
("Incentive Stock Options") within the meaning of Section 422 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and nonqualified stock options.
Stock options may be granted to employees, prospective employees, directors and
consultants of the Company; provided, however, that Incentive Stock Options may
be granted only to employees. A director who is not also an employee of the
Company or any consultant may be granted only a nonqualified stock option. As of
June 30, 1994, 188 employees and consultants were eligible to participate in the
Option Plan.

         All options granted under the Option Plan must have an exercise price
not less than the fair market value of the Common Stock of the Company, as
determined by the Board, on the date of grant. Any Incentive Stock Option
granted to a person who at the time of the grant owns stock comprising more than
10% of the total voting power of all classes of stock of the Company must have
an exercise price equal to at least 110% of the fair market value of the Common
Stock of the Company, as determined by the Board on the date of grant.

         Options granted under the Option Plan may be exercised by payment of
the exercise price (1) in cash, by check or cash equivalent, (2) by tender to
the Company of shares of the Company's Common Stock which (a) either have been
owned by the optionee for more than six months or were not acquired, directly or
indirectly from the Company, and (b) have a value not less than the exercise
price, (3) by the optionee's recourse promissory note, if specifically permitted
by the Board and set forth in the option agreement, (4) by the assignment of the
proceeds of the sale of some or all of the shares being acquired upon the
exercise of an option, (5) by such other consideration as the Board may allow,
or (6) by any combination thereof. Incentive Stock Options granted under the
Option Plan are exercisable for a period of ten years from the date of grant. At
the discretion of the Board of Directors, nonqualified stock options granted
under the Option Plan may have a term longer than ten years. After expiration,
the shares subject to an unexercised option become available for future grants.

<PAGE>

         Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, options are
exercisable at any time after grant. Shares purchased upon exercise of an option
are subject to the Company's right to repurchase the unvested portion of such
shares at their original purchase price upon termination of the optionee's
employment with the Company or the optionee's attempt to sell, exchange,
transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of the unvested shares. Shares so
repurchased become available for future option grants. Unless otherwise
determined by the Board of Directors, the number of shares subject to the
Company's repurchase right decreases over a four-year period, commencing on the
option grant date or the optionee's date of hire, as specified by the Board of
Directors. Ordinarily, an option is exercisable, during the lifetime of the
optionee, only by the optionee, and is not transferable or assignable by the
optionee other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; provided,
however, that the Board may provide that Nonqualified Stock Options may be
assigned or transferred to third parties.

         In the event of a Transfer of Control (as defined in the Option Plan),
the unexercisable and/or unvested portion of all outstanding options will become
immediately exercisable and vested as of a date 30 days prior to the Transfer of
Control, unless the acquiring company either assumes the options granted under
the Option Plan or else substitutes its own options for the Option Plan options.
Any options which are neither assumed or substituted for by the acquiring
company nor exercised as of the date of the Transfer of Control will terminate
effective as of the date of the Transfer of Control.

         The Board of Directors may terminate or amend the Option Plan at any
time; provided, however, that without the approval of the stockholders of the
Company, the Board may not amend the Option Plan to increase the number of
shares of Common Stock covered thereby, to change the class of persons eligible
to receive Incentive Stock Options or to expand the class of persons eligible to
receive nonqualified stock options.

SUMMARY OF THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE OPTION PLAN

         The following summary is intended only as a general guide as to the
United States federal income tax consequences under current law with respect to
participation in the Option Plan and does not attempt to describe all possible
federal or other tax consequences of such participation. Furthermore, the tax
consequences of options are complex and subject to change, and a taxpayer's
particular situation may be such that some variation of the described rules is
applicable.

         Optionees should consult their own tax advisors prior to the exercise
of any option and prior to the disposition of any shares of Common Stock
acquired upon the exercise of an option.

         INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS. Options designated as Incentive Stock Options
are intended to fall within the provisions of Section 422 of the Code. An
optionee recognizes no taxable income as the result of the grant or exercise of
such an option.

         For optionees who do not dispose of their shares for two years
following the date the option was granted nor within one year following the
transfer of the shares upon exercise of the option, the gain on sale of the
shares (which is defined to be the difference between the sale price and the
purchase price of the shares) will be taxed as long-term capital gain. If an
optionee is entitled to a long-term capital gain treatment upon a sale of the
stock, the Company will not be entitled to any deduction for federal income tax
purposes. If an optionee disposes of shares within two years after the date of
grant or within one year from the date of exercise (a "disqualifying
disposition"), the difference between the option price and the fair market value
of the shares on the date of exercise (not to exceed the gain realized on the
sale if the disposition is a transaction with respect to which a loss, if
sustained, would be recognized) will be taxed at ordinary income rates at the
time of disposition. Any gain in excess of that amount will be a capital gain.
If a loss is recognized, there will be no ordinary income, and such loss will be
a capital loss. A capital gain or loss will be long-term if the optionee's
holding period is more than twelve months. Generally, any ordinary income
recognized by the optionee upon the disposition of the stock would be deductible
by the Company for federal income tax purposes.

<PAGE>

         The difference between the option price and the fair market value of
the shares on the determination date of an Incentive Stock Option (which is
generally the date of exercise) is an adjustment in computing the optionee's
alternative minimum taxable income and may be subject to an alternative minimum
tax which is paid if such tax exceeds the regular tax for the year. Special
rules may apply with respect to certain subsequent sales of the shares in a
disqualifying disposition, certain basis adjustments for purposes of computing
the alternative minimum taxable income on a subsequent sale of the shares and
certain tax credits which may arise with respect to optionees subject to the
alternative minimum tax.

         NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTIONS. Nonqualified stock options have no special
tax status. An optionee generally recognizes no taxable income as a result of
the grant of such an option. Upon exercise of an option, the optionee normally
recognizes ordinary income in the amount of the difference between the option
price and the fair market value of the shares on the determination date (which
is generally the date of exercise). If the optionee is an employee, such
ordinary income generally is subject to withholding of income and employment
taxes. The "determination date" is the date on which the option is exercised
unless the shares are not vested and/or the sale of the shares at a profit would
subject the optionee to suit under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), in which case the determination date
is the later of (i) the date on which the shares vest, or (ii) the date the sale
of the shares at a profit would no longer subject the optionee to suit under
Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act. (Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act generally
is applicable only to officers, directors and beneficial owners of more than 10%
of the Common Stock of the Company.) If the determination date is after the
exercise date, the optionee may elect, pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code, to
have the exercise date be the determination date by filing an election with the
Internal Revenue Service not later than thirty days after the date the option is
exercised. Upon the sale of stock acquired by the exercise of a nonqualified
stock option, any gain or loss, based on the difference between the sale price
and the fair market value on the date of recognition of income, will be taxed as
capital gain or loss. A capital gain or loss will be long-term if the optionee's
holding period is more than twelve months from the date of recognition of
income. No tax deduction is available to the Company with respect to the grant
of the option or the sale of the stock acquired pursuant to such grant.
Generally, the Company would be entitled to a deduction equal to the amount of
ordinary income recognized by the optionee as a result of the exercise of the
option.

VOTE REQUIRED AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS' RECOMMENDATION

         The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual
Meeting of Stockholders, at which a quorum representing a majority of all
outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company is present and voting, either
in person or by proxy, is required for approval of this proposal. Abstentions
and broker non-votes will each be counted as present for purposes of determining
the presence of a quorum. Abstentions will have the same effect as a negative
vote. Broker non-votes, on the other hand, will have no effect on the outcome of
the vote. The Company's management believes that in order to attract and retain
additional key employees essential to the success of the Company, it is
necessary to amend and restate the Option Plan. THEREFORE, THE BOARD OF
DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE "FOR" THIS PROPOSAL TO AMEND AND RESTATE THE OPTION
PLAN.

                                 PROPOSAL THREE

             RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS

         The Board of Directors of the Company has selected Price Waterhouse LLP
as independent accountants to audit the financial statements of the Company for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1995. Price Waterhouse LLP has acted in such
capacity since its appointment during the fiscal year ended June 30, 1985. A
representative of Price Waterhouse LLP is expected to be present at the Annual
Meeting with the opportunity to make a statement if the representative desires
to do so, and is expected to be available to respond to appropriate questions.

<PAGE>

         THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS THAT THE STOCKHOLDERS RATIFY THE
APPOINTMENT OF PRICE WATERHOUSE LLP AS THE COMPANY'S INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDING JUNE 30, 1995. If the appointment is not ratified,
management will consider the appointment of other independent accountants. The
affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Annual Meeting of
Stockholders, at which a quorum representing a majority of all outstanding
shares of Common Stock of the Company is present and voting, either in person or
by proxy, is required for approval of this proposal. Abstentions and broker
non-votes will each be counted as present for purposes of determining the
presence of a quorum, but will not be counted as having been voted on the
proposal.

         STOCKHOLDERS' PROPOSALS TO BE PRESENTED AT NEXT ANNUAL MEETING

         Proposals of stockholders intended to be presented at the next Annual
Meeting of the stockholders of the Company must be received by the Company at
its offices at 2950 Zanker Road, San Jose, California 95134, not later than June
2, 1995, and satisfy the conditions established by the Securities and Exchange
Commission for stockholder proposals to be included in the Company's proxy
statement for that meeting.

                         TRANSACTION OF OTHER BUSINESS

         At the date of the Proxy Statement, the only business which the Board
of Directors intends to present or knows that others will present at the meeting
is as hereinabove set forth. If any other matter or matters are properly brought
before the meeting, or any adjournment thereof, it is the intention of the
persons named in the accompanying form of proxy to vote the proxy on such
matters in accordance with their best judgment.

                                          By Order of the Board of Directors


                                          Jeffery Anne Tatum, Secretary

September 30, 1994
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>9
<DESCRIPTION>ART. 5 FDS FOR FISCAL YEAR END 1994
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE>  5
<MULTIPLIER> 1
<CURRENCY> U.S. DOLLARS
       
<S>                               <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                      12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                  JUN-30-1994
<PERIOD-START>                     JUL-01-1993
<PERIOD-END>                       JUN-30-1994
<EXCHANGE-RATE>                         1
<CASH>                             17,372
<SECURITIES>                        5,171
<RECEIVABLES>                      13,026
<ALLOWANCES>                        1,269
<INVENTORY>                         5,845
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                   43,245
<PP&E>                             34,167
<DEPRECIATION>                     23,842
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                     54,620
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>              19,364
<BONDS>                                 0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                   1
<PREFERRED>                             0
<COMMON>                           59,391
<OTHER-SE>                        (33,065)
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>       54,620
<SALES>                            73,444
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                   73,444
<CGS>                              46,964
<TOTAL-COSTS>                      46,964
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                   11,793
<LOSS-PROVISION>                      676
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                      0                     
<INCOME-PRETAX>                       658
<INCOME-TAX>                       (2,056)
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                 2,714
<DISCONTINUED>                          0                     
<EXTRAORDINARY>                         0 
<CHANGES>                               0
<NET-INCOME>                        2,714
<EPS-PRIMARY>                        0.16
<EPS-DILUTED>                        0.16
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
